We bought several tutus at once , and they are got high reviews . 
The girls have been wearing them regularly , including out to play , and the tutus have stood up well . 
Clearly plenty of room to grow . 
Thank you Halo Heaven great product for Little Girls . 
Will buy more from this seller . 
Made well and cute on the girls . 
Only rec'd pink , the purple one was missing . 
I received this today and I'm not a fan of it but my daughter is I thought it would be puffier as it looks in the pic but it's not and the one they sent me is pink underneath and the waist band is pink which is not what I wanted due to the fact she already had the sandals she was gonna wear with it now I gotta find another pair of sandals , ima just keep it cuz she likes it . 
My daughter has worn this skirt almost every day since she received it and it's even been through the washer along with the other clothes . 
But considering how often she wears it , I'm not worried ! 
;) 
Was hoping to order more in different colors.She had hardly used this , the stitching came apart in 2weeks.now it's lying in her closet .. Altogether she wore it like 4-5 times for 20 mins or so.wish the stitching was of better quality to hold up while little ones wear it . 
Can't recommend . 
Never GOT this item - but gave a 1 STAR because the replies from the SUPPLIER was GREAT.They tried to send the item more than once.My $ was refunded in a timely manner too.It was a shame I never got it for my daughter - it would of looked great with her OUTFIT for Dr . Seuss WEEK at school.Most original.Maybe next time . 
I wanted to have the title summarize my thoughts if you decide not to read the entire review . 
You can adjust the strap to fit your taste . 
There are three sections and you can get quite a bit in it . 
I really like this . 
This travel pouch is just as described . 
My husband won't use it because it feels like a purse to him , but that is just because he is ultra manly . 
It might just be me . 
Although it seems well made and sized right . 
It just seems a bit flimsy to me . 
I debate if I really should not give it 5 stars as it does everything it advertises itself . 
When I travel out of country , I have this around my neck and under one layer of clothing . 
I have my " throw away " wallet in my pocket with expired cards and a few dollars . I like the various pockets and zippered security to keep things in place . 
The neck cord is a little long so I had to tie it off so the stash would fall mid chest making it a bit more concealed . 4.5 stars - minus 1/2 star for long cord and a flimsy feel . 
Again though perhaps being flimsy is a good thing being under clothing making it conceal more . 
This adjustable straps fit around my messenger bag , which has to pieces of cloth on both sides of the front flap , and have sufficient length to secure it , as a back up to the velcro closures . 
They have a heavy plastic clip that " clicks " to make sure they close . 
Very useful . 
Good for connecting one bag to another , but likely to get lost at some point . 
I am using to connect my laptop bag to overnight carrier , I am anticipating loosing or forgetting it somewhere . 
We had one before but after a year of being banged around they died , which is acceptable . 
So we got a replacement for him . 
I'm an adult so obviously it was a bit small but it was good for a costume . 
I expected a lot more from a " wrist computer " selling for almost 250.00 , and the Military version for $ 300 . 
First of all the visibility of the display is much too dark . 
The images of the X-Lander on the Amazon and Suunto websites have been enhanced to the point that a case could be made for false advertising . 
Secondly , the instructions to set the numeric values ( meters vs feet , etc . ) 
Thirdly , the backlight feature is useless in low light or bright daylight . 
It is only good for pitch black darkness ... much too dim , but is probably the same as their military version , which has to be at a low level to keep the wearer from getting shot ! 
Fourth , ( probably for the same reason ) the alarm is not loud enough , especially if you are wearing the X-Lander under a couple of layers of clothing . 
Fifth , the barometric trend indicator is totally unreadable ... too small and too dim to see under normal circumstances unless you also happen to be carrying a small foldout magnifying glass ( which , as it turns out , I do carry while trekking ) . 
Because of that , there should be a way to shut off the X-Lander ( short of removing the battery ) so the battery does not run down while it's in the safe ... still hoping to find out how to do that ... doesn't have a stem to pull out like a watch . I can not recommend the X-Lander . 
The Finns need to address these issues before I buy another Suunto " wrist computer " . 
It is a little pricier than some of the competition from Casio and Timex . 
But it was reassuring to have those capabilities on my wrist at all times . 
Serves me well . 
Master Lock has been around for a really long time . 
I purchased because of the name , the sturdiness of the lock and the color . 
Easy to spot which locker is mine amoungst the dozens , most sporting boring black locks . 
It's a manageable size and comes with fun things inside . 
Just wish the steps were a bit longer . 
It's been about a month since then and my friend said her daughter still can't leave the house without it ! 
My niece loves this little purse with all the items that go in it . 
She walks around caring her little purse just like her mom's . 
This is pretty cute for the price . 
My 2 year old niece loves it ! 
Bought for my 15 month old Granddaughter . 
She thinks it's great . 
I think her favorite piece is the fake lipstick . 
I bought this when I saw it on Amazon . 
My daughter had one of these when she was a toddler . 
I ended up buying one for my step-grandaughter this Christmas . 
She was thrilled with it and just like my daughter used to do , she had a blast pulling everything out , going through it and putting it all back in . 
Everything is easy to hold , fun to look at , and just grown-up enough to make them feel like this really is their own purse . 
She liked the items so she could be " just like mommy " . 
The bag is great . 
The map seems to be a little cheap . 
Otherwise , the bag is sturdy . 
She has it on her back all the time ! I don't want her to outgrow this any soon ! 
! 
The buttons aren't overly sensitive ( problem with my old watch ) , good fit , easy to use . 
These watches go forever . 
The band is the only thing that has ever broken on mine and a band cost almost as much as the watchYou can wash your hands or get caught in the rain and not worry about the watch since it is water resistant 
Love it.it ' s a bit edgy and bothering at first but soon its very comfortable.does it job.Considering buying ? 
You should . 
I need a watch to carry in my pocket , most pocket watches are too large , but by removing the strap and ancillary parst from this watch it does the job very well ; to only negative is the instructions that come in teeny-tiny print requiring a magnifying glass which is very irritating 
It's also on the small side around my wrists . 
Worked for a while . 
Then it broke . 
Or maybe I lost it . 
But for 10 bucks who cares . 
This is the kind of watch you get before a trip where you don't want to risk losing , breaking or having stolen your real watch . 
It's cheap ( in cost ) because it's a cheap watch . 
So there you go . 
It is really a small watchactually gave it to my 15 year old Grand-Daughter 
So wonderfull I liked a lot and I will purchase it whenever I will need it and I received alot of comment of it . 
It's not bad , but it's kind of cheap leather and doesn't seem to wear very well . 
They're a little bit large , coming from someone that has had many , many pairs of Converse . 
She was comfy for a few hours of trick-or-treating with no issues of sore feet :) 
Man let me tell you , I always wanted a pair of these but I was being cheap and didnt want to spend the money ... But as you can see I broke down and went for it . 
I searched and searched and I am so glad for Amazon's buyers writing reviews because this is what made me go for it . 
I read most all of the reviews to make my determination of size because I made a mistake before because I didn't know to order a size smaller . 
If you a female and are buying a pair of Converse you better get a size smaller if the listings say Converse Men . 
I Love , Love , Love these dang shoes and I love the fact that now that I know what size to order . 
Awesome ! 
A very good decision . 
He climbs a lot and runs , and is very confident in these shoes . 
It appears he gets good support too , so he looks forward to wearing them . 
Great product . 
Im glad I listened to the advice posted and got a slightly smaller size than usual . 
They dont provide any kind of cushion or support , I am so surprised they were actually worn for basketball back in the day . 
Wear them with a tux or jeans or a mini-skirt . 
You cannot go wrong with these shoes . 
In Europe they cost three times more ! 
I have them in almost every color , and they are a good shoe when you need the ankle support.Will only give 5 stars if the item goes above and beyond expectations , which is why I only rated 4 stars . 
. 
I got them a month in advance , so my the time he opened them and tried them out to find they were too big , they store selling them through Amazon said they would not do a refund or exchange . 
My fault ... 
I was just trying to be on top of things . 
Will know better next time . 
While I have to agree that these seemed better years ago , they were still what I was looking for and what I expected . 
Received quickly and fit well . 
You can't beat the classics . 
Retro shoe , great fit for toddlers with a little extra to room for wide baby feet . 
Look really cute , good price 
YAAAY ! 
Fit is true to size and she loves them . 
She is fourteen and they are apparently all the rage . 
I might just have to get a couple more , you can never have too many shoes 
I got these as a gift for my little sister . 
She had been wanting a pair of these for a really long time . 
I was so happy to find them here on amazon for the cheapest price ;) She absolutely LOVES these and wears them every day . 
These fit great and feel great to walk around in . 
My wife loves the shoes , however the size convertion was a little off no biggie , just send ' em back and get the right size . 
Any age would love them .. 
Ordered for my daughter for Christmas . 
I would easily recommend these to anyone . 
She seems to like them . 
I get compliments on these shoes everytime I wear them . 
You won't regret it . 
I wear them all the time , and of course they get a little dirty . 
I love these shoes , so cute and I wear them every day ! 
I wish I had them in every color . 
For a long long time I have wanted a pair of these in pink . 
I think years ago these were made only for males because my brothers had them . 
From time to time I have seen them but never in pink . 
Well finally pink and I jumped on them as soon as I saw them . 
I have worn them and got some really nice compliments . 
I am a fashionista ! 
I think the fabric is good for developing feet that need to stretch , but still give enough support . 
He likes these way better than the Saucony's I bought him , which seemed to never break in , and were a bear to put on . 
However , they stretch out after a while . 
He has big old Flintstone feet . 
( Evidently no other color would do . ) 
Personally , I thought they looked a bit stiff and uncomfortable , but she seemed to find them just right . 
these chucks in the charcoal color are darker in person than in the picture . 
Cant say anything negative about them . 
Hope everyone else enjoys 
I purchased these classic converse to replace the old ones my boyfriend had . 
It's difficult to say anything else but that he loves converse shoes . 
I have 10 pairs of Chucks , and I will keep replacing the ones that get so worn out , as these did . 
Can't go wrong with the classics ! 
a little overpriced for the quality . 
I have never been so lifted dependably in all my life , probably since a teen . 
I can run , work , do anything and they stay in place . 
It was easy to follow the sizing guide and the bra I received fit appropriately ( it's supposed to be tight ! ) . 
I like fastening it in the front instead of the back , but there are quite a few hooks that can be tedious to fix up each time . 
I was disappointed in the efficacy of the bra for vigorous activity . 
It didn't . 
If you like breasts that are cube-shaped , this is the one for you ! 
I have 40/38 DD size breasts but I love to run . 
:-( THis bra has been my go to bra when running , doing HIIT and Turbo Fire . 
I've tried other bras such as the Panache and to double bra other bras but nothing compares . 
My ONLY gripe is that it's not adjustable and at 64 bucks a bra that sucks especially if you're losing weight because you'll have to spend more money on a smaller bra . 
Get this bra if you're looking for maximum support . 
I'm actually going to buy another one because I don't want to have only one . 
I ordered this ring because I needed something gold on my right hand to go with another ring . 
I was looking for a bag that was small enough that I wouldn't have to carry on my shoulder or would be too heavy ( I have a medical condition ) . 
This bag had enough space for all my important credit cards , and a handy one for my driver's license and a mirror next to it . 
The leather is quite soft and the bag itself looks quite classy . 
The only complaint I would have is that the snap that closes the bag can be hard to close , but it is very secure . 
i would highly recommend this to anyone who needs a small bag that accommodates all your important stuff . 
I bought this purse as a backup because I like the pockets and various compartments and don't like to carry a large purse around with me . 
I also like that it has a strap that I can put around me and there I go out shopping without worrying about where my purse is 
My wallet appears to be a taupe color . 
The colors I would have preferred were out of stock . 
Having said that , there is nothing wrong with the color I got . 
It isn't fully leather so don't yet know how long it will last . 
It comes with a check book cover which can be removed . 
Haven't any cash , so can't tell how happy it would be in the compartments , but my credit card and insurance etc cards seem perfectly happy :) . 
I especially like that the ID view pocket has a hole in the center which makes it much easier to get you DL out when needed . 
Good quality , handy and functional , no bells and whistles just a leather product that works . 
I like the coin compartment being on the outside and available without having to open up the whole thing . 
The place designated for your driver's license has a cut-out in the center of the plastic to help get hold of it to take it out when needed which is handy . 
However for me it just doesn't hold enough to be really a piece I'd be able to carry long term . 
Now we all need so many club cards for stores you to those plus a credit card and drivers license you can barely squish your Health and Car insurance cards it it . 
Unless you don't have much to carry , I'd say skip it . 
Buxton , consider making this a little bigger to carry more and its a serious winner . 
The problem I have is while it has many slots , it doesn't close well when the slots are all or even mostly filled . 
I am surprised that no else has reported these issues . 
you can fill fill fill it and it still has room to close and snap . 
it is well made and doesn't smell of leather . 
It says real leather on cards inside it too ! I really like it ! 
The wallet has served me well for the short time I have owned it , however , the stitching holding the picture ID window in place has become loose , is unraveling and is about 30 % detached . 
It appears the window will become unattached shortly . 
This unraveling is no doubt a result of having to produce ID several times a week while shopping . 
I sent it back . 
after reading all the reviews I was sure this was the wallet for me . 
It's very low quality leather and doesn't look well-made . 
It does have many , many card slots , but it seems it would break if they were full . 
Returned it . 
But you can imagine the looks I got with the one I was carrying , beyond old--it was tearing apart , looked terrible--but until I found EXACTLY what I wanted--it was staying . 
ALL FIT WITH NO PROBLEM . 
I am sorry I did not go on line before last week or I would have found this much sooner . 
But EVERYTHING , I mean it ALL fit with no problem . 
I didn't like the way the credit card sleeves were laid out and there was no zippered compartment . 
It was also slightly ugly . 
I sent it back . 
I bought this purse because I don't like carrying around a large purse but I need a lot of pockets for all my stuff . 
It's large enough yet large enough to hold what I need 
Actually this bag is made great but it has twice as many places to put cards as I need . 
I bought it so I would always have a small black bag and now I do mission accomplished . 
This purse is very likeable . 
On those occasions , I plan to put the smaller items in a cosmetic bag and carry that inside the purse . 
I love this bag as an option to switch to a smaller carry option . 
The only problem I had was the snap closure is tight and actually pulled out from the bag when I tried harder to open it . 
I've pushed it back in but don't use it much because of this . 
This one has a place for everything , and I do mean everything ! 
I really like the currency compartment--there are two slots for bills and a center zippered compartment for coins , receipts , or large denominations . 
There are almost enough card slots , and there are a number of plastic sleeves if you run out of slots . 
For some reason the slots are not of uniform size and I had to do some finagling to make some of my cards fit . 
I also wish the snap flap went over the currency compartment so I didn't have to keep it zipped , but I'll get used to it , and I'm sure the leather slots will loosen up with use.After an exhaustive online and in store search , I've decided that this clutch gives the best bang for the buck . 
I'm very pleased . 
I originally ordered three wallets . 
I sent it back and kept the Visconti Heritage T - 35 . 
To me it appears almost brown rather than mahogany . 
It is well made and functional and the price is quite good . 
I have had several zip around clutch wallets and it is the style I prefer . 
Love all the card holding spots and the area for a check book is easily used for something else . 
The snap closure is handy and keeps everything in place , you can access your money without having to open the clutch , just open the zippered area . 
Having a zipper change pocket on the side is so handy or you can use the zipper pocket in the zip around . 
I'm very pleased with this clutch and would buy it again . 
It also makes me feel a bit like a ' 40s film star . 
Women need to dress like this more often ! The fit : I ordered my bra size . 
I'd order more colors ( I got the black ) , but they're all out of stock ! 
Bummer . 
This slip is exactly what I was looking for . 
The only drawback is the length is too long and not adjustable . 
I bought what I thought was a shorter length and it wasn't . 
It fits really well . 
Hidden under my dress and is actually kind of comfy . 
I am wearing a wire bra in a parade and don't want any wardrobe malfunctions . 
After buying two other more expensive pairs , one too light ( who would have thought that Jennifer Lopez was considered " dark " ) and one whose reviewers swore it was adhesive and it wasn't , I finally found these again and they arrived quickly . 
I'm SO pleased ! ! ! 
! 
Stick on very smooth and can't see under clothing unless it's a light colored thin shirt . 
Middles sometimes tend to puff out if sitting or laying a certain way but go back when standing up . 
Love these for helping to hide that bit of exposure that always seems to attract the wrong " attention " . 
I ordred Queen size ... It looks like my child's 6x tights . 
It's no way I could get a leg into these . 
The product was large , but I am glad I purchased them , they are very roomy indeed . 
Great Price and I will order again . 
I hate panty hose . 
Won't plan on wearing again but it's good enough for the one time I needed them . 
They serve their purpose to keep bra straps on the shoulders . 
They were what I expected them to be , period . 
I was somewhat skeptical about these straps and I have to admit that it took me a few minutes to figure out how to attach them to my bra , even after looking at the picture on the package . 
I gave the clear strap to one of my co-workers to try out and she loves them too . 
The only drawback is that you have to keep it attached and put your bra on over your head and hook your bra from behind . 
BUT , if it keeps my bra straps up all day long I will do anything ! ! ! 
I am very happy with the product and I ordered the L / XL variety pack with 4 different colored straps . 
I wear a size 34 - B bra so I would expect that unless you are a size 0 that most women would need the L / XL size . 
I was amazed at the quality of this night gown . 
The nylon was not the thin flimsy material that you usually see but a nice weight that should hold up well . 
It washed up beautifully and came out of the dryer wrinkle free . 
I plan to order other colors and these usually sell for much more ! 
I would buy Shadowline products again . 
It will be after my own review . 
I used to purchase them at Dillard's Dept . 
Stores , but they quit selling them some years ago . 
If you find the darker colors to be too revealing , you should probably consider flannel nightgowns . 
Just saying . 
ALL of the new Petals gowns are made from the same fabric now , which is their trademarked Opacitrique fabric--the original Shadowline Petals fabric . 
The new owner is extremely picky about the quality of his products . 
On the right side of the page , scroll down to the link that says Contact Seller . 
Just like the green one I ordered earlier , fits great . 
Good weight , decent for walking the house , but feminine . 
I love Shadowline ANYTHING . 
By accident I purchased my first Shadowline gown back in 1995 . 
Have been buying them ever since . 
Material is soft ... and wears like iron . 
This gown is worth the money . 
Truly terrible . 
Next I tried on another pair only to discover that whilst the length of the stocking was fine the spandex / elastic was so weak that they almost immediately fell down even though they fit . 
Overall , very unhappy with this product and will be returning for a full refund . 
HOOO ! 
This bra has this weird extra nipple room that I did not need . 
I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and wash it a few times before I go to put it on again . 
I cannot wear it with t shirts or thin dresses because of this extra nipple room , and because it does create sort of a torpedo effect . 
I will only be able to wear this bra with clothing that is thicker , like sweaters , or dresses that are double layered or have thick material . 
The Bali Bra in my size has 4 hooks and very large straps also , the cups go very high on the breast , covering almost the entire breast , making it illogical to wear with anything that shows even a little chest ( not breast ) because the bra is visible . 
Been wearing this bra for many years , recently lost weight but cant wear a C cup.Looks great , that is what you expect from Bali 
Have owned this name of bra for quite awahile and would't wear a different good style fit and price . 
good uplift 
This bra makes me look and feel like I've lost 20 pounds ! 
Good support . 
No shoulder ache or cutting in . 
The straps stay in place ! 
An underwire bra that doesn't poke me . 
! 
Sports bras for DD + are a big load of nonsense . 
This does everything a sports bra is supposed to do but does it better . 
Get yourself a non-stretch Granny bra , get the right size and you're golden . 
I really wanted to like this as an everyday bra but unfortunately while support is good , the shape is quite off , cone shaped cups are rather rigid and leave the 50 ' s bullet impression that is quite unnatural and not flattering on anyone . 
Have been buying this style for years , never disappointed . 
IT FEELS GREAT SUPREME COVERAGE . 
Being a very busty woman , I'm constantly looking for a bra that will smooth and minimize my proportions . 
I recommend this bra to women who have the same problem as I do with finding a bra that will fit and look good ! 
I will be ordering it in more colors . 
This bra has no padding . 
It is stiff and a wee bit scratchy until washed with Woolite or similar cold water soap.It is a minimizer . 
For those tops that are tight . 
I CAN SLEEP IN . 
This is for minimizing.The price is super . 
My other Bali , and Olga bras cost $ 55.00 to $ 60.00 dollars . 
I've bought this brand of bra off and on over the years , but have noticed that the bras that come in white are about 1 1/2 " longer in the back . 
The black bras can be used and fit fine , but you need to purchase a bra extender to place on the hooks at the back . 
If it weren't for that , these bras would be in the trash . 
I'm hoping they are not making the white bras shorter and only the black bras are are affected . 
This is a good fitting bra and the brand is a long standing and trusted brand . 
I would recommend it for its flattering fit . 
I LIKE THE WIDE PADDED STRAPS AND SATIN LIKE MATERIAL . 
GOOD PRICE . 
The bra just fits around me too tight even in the last loop . 
These bras were half price compared to department store prices . 
This one was fabulous . 
I have quite a few of these . 
Bali has been making great bras for me since I was a busty teen.if I were smaller busted I would still prefer this type of bra . 
I have it in three colors so far . 
The minimizing effect is an additional bonus . 
It has to go back . 
MY WHOLE FAMILY WANTS I = ONE LIKE THIS . 
Like many others who wrote reviews , it was way too small . 
Just size up . 
I like this bra . 
I think this will be alleviated after a few washings . 
I think I will like it better once its washed several times and stretches just a little . 
I have had these before and found the same thing . 
If they offered half sizes , I would have gotten a half size larger . 
It does go up a little into my arm pits , but I don't think that will bother me after it softens up a bit . 
Like the straps and shape of cups . 
Well made . 
I would love to find a bra that I give 5 starts to but probably will not in my lifetime . 
Much better and more dependable than other internet sources I have tried , and so convenient to use . 
Bought this for my girlfriend who is pregnant and she said that this bra is supporting her heavy boobs and need to get more . 
I going to surprise her with a few more , wish it comes in more colour . 
I will order more in many different colors . 
I like this gown . 
I admit it looked a little old-ladyish when i ordered it but it's really quite cute . 
It's modest enough if you have to pick up the paper in the driveway . 
There is no other that compares . 
Excellent product & here an excellent price . 
This is an awesome gown . 
The gown is not flimsy nylon but a high quality material . 
You can't go wrong . 
Oh , the price was excellent for the quality of the nightgown ! 
I definitely recommend them and will purchase them again in the future ! 
I have very narrow shoulders so my bra straps constantly need hiking up . 
I have tried every single other brand on the planet and they all slip off so I got this to hold them in place . 
I wish I didn't have the extra bump across my back but it's better than constantly reaching in my shirt to pull up slipping straps . 
I like that it is adjustable , too . 
I thought the further up the size alphabet the larger they get I was wrong they also need to put the proper size chart along with the product . 
I always feel hose of any kind not quite as long as I would like . 
I am 5 ' 7 " and weight 129 yet they always seem to be " not quite " as long as I would like for an easier fit . 
Using prime it was free shipping ! 
I don't live around any stores that sell hanes and it would be a 75 minute drive to find them ! 
... oh and the hose ! 
I got these nylons for a party in winter . 
I bought these pantyhose based on another customers review and I was not disappointed ! 
Put my heels on and felt so pretty ! 
I went ahead and purchased it , thinking i'd be getting tanned color . 
For some reason , i have this way of thinking buff = dark / tan color ... 
I normally wear barely there , and this one was very creamy . 
Although this isnt something i would wear on a normal basis , it did go really well with my black skirt w / white feathery sweater top . 
Needless to say , I highly recommend Hanes for all your hosiery needs ! 
A little stiffer than I would have liked . 
But because the waist does run slightly smaller it fit a bit snug in the underbust and under the arms . 
But if you order a size up on the waist size and are looking for something sexy and not something to wear for support all day it is a super cute and sexy bra ... 
Finding a 32D in a retail store is impossible . 
Ordered online and the cup fit is a little off . 
I guess I'm just the wrong shape . 
The 32C underwire seemed to fit the same and the cup was a little small . 
So I guess I'm inbetween . 
If only they had them in my size ! 
I am a 34 G , but decided to try the 34 DDD since they don't make this bra in my size . 
It is just incredibly beautiful - but , alas , it was too small , and I didn't want to have to go to a 36 inch band in order to make the DDD work for me . 
The straps have nude felt-like material for additional durability but I think this is what is part of the problem because the material used is cheap . 
Anyways , don't buy this one--go to the department store and find another cute one . 
It's hard to find bras the exact size I need so I was pleased when this bra fit as expected ... 
! 
Nice looking bra . 
So , why am I happy with this ? 
I'm built lanky : long arms and legs , broad shoulders , small boobs . 
I am so freaking glad it doesn't push my breasts together ! ! ! 
How that is supposed to help , I have no idea . 
Who ever thought that up ? 
Hats off to Felina . 
Felina makes some really great underwires , central gores , and band structures . 
Of the various brands of bras I have tried , Felina is the only one that creates bras that will perform to the standard that a good fitting bra should on me : stay on with the central gore flush with the breastbone , cups around the breasts , and underwires against the ribs under the breasts WITHOUT the straps on shoulders or band fastened . 
Seriously , the only brand . 
I've been fond of various Felina bras in the past . 
Unfortunately , the cup fabric does not quite perform quite as well . 
Felina bras tend to expect the vertical center line of your breasts to be farther toward your armpits than they are on me . 
This seems really odd to me given how well the underwires fit and lay flat . 
This particular bra has the added drawback of having weird fabric . 
It's a stretchy mesh with either lace or stitching of some sort in a lace-like pattern . 
Unless you're toting basketballs around , this causes some weird indentation effects where the lacy detail is . 
Overall , the cons outweighed the pros for me . 
Good support , too . 
Couldn't find this brand in my size in the Mall where I live . 
I was first introduced to this brand years ago at a large department store . 
Glad I found some Felina styles here . 
I'm large-busted ( anywhere between a 32DDD and H , depending on brand / maker ) and chose to try a 34DDD for this bra since cups run small on most brands that aren't specifically for large chests , and this item doesn't come larger than DDD . 
It turns out to be a little large in the cup , which almost never happens to me ! 
I will be buying again 
slide on and stay in place . 
I had 6 and just bout 4 more of these panties . 
They fit and feel great and hold up very well . 
As my title indicates these fit very well , are comfortable and pretty . 
I probably missed the explanation for the " seam " up the middle of the back side on this brief . 
Just a little too " clingy " for me , thanks.However ... for those of the younger set the clingy-fanny thing might just blow your skirt up.Was in a hurry when I ordered these and might not have read the details . 
I probably made this mistake and bought this item too big , but I think I could fit 3 other people with me in this thing . 
I normally wear a size 6-8 dress , but the size 8 underwear are enormous ! 
the only underwear that I own , These panties never bind nor ride up--and they are thin enough to wear under smooth clothing 
As my title indicates these fit very well , are comfortable and pretty . 
As expected cotton briefs . 
I was debating between a 1 and 2 star rating . 
These Jockey briefs are good quality , but Jockey has a sizing problem between sizes 7 and 8 . 
I first ordered 3 size 8s and they are somewhat large so went back on Amazon , checked the sizing charts then ordered 3 size 7s . 
There is at least 2 or more inches difference in the width of these two sizes and the 7 is more than an inch shorter . 
I can't complain about the quality of Jockey , but sizing is a totally separate issue . 
The size 7s will be donated to Goodwill ASAP . 
I'm glad I got them , will get more , and definitely recommend them . 
These are just what you would expect . 
:) 
These worked well for their intended purpose ; which was wearing after abdominal surgery . 
My normal underpants hit in the middle of my long horrible line of staples . 
Also ( TMI here , sorry ! ) 
These really did hold up well to laundering . 
This underwear is made with great quality material . 
The fit is perfect , no problems with this product . 
Would recommend over Victoria Secrets any day . 
My 11 - year old daughter is 5 ' 2 " and weighs 103 lbs . 
She's straight as a board and doesn't have much of a butt . 
However , these size 4 fit her very well . 
She really likes the prints and when she tried them on she said they felt more like a bathing suit bottom . 
That's good , since bathing suits need to fit your body kind of tight . 
They're Jockey , so they're made of great quality ! 
When I bought these panties , I really wanted to like them , but I couldn't get any further with them than opening the package . 
They have a " perfumed " smell . 
I really don't want any fragrance on my underwear . 
I really like these . 
They are very comfortable , no matter what I'm doing ( sleeping , exercising , sitting around ) . 
And they last a long time . 
A very good bargain ! 
Since these don't last through too many washes ( maybe 8 tops ! 
) , I think spending $ 36.00 is just ridiculous . 
! 
These goofy looking things are my favorite undergarments for just about everything . 
Great under snug clothing , they also create a great , smooth line under most everything else . 
does I don't was very it was too small for me to too small I ordered the right side but it still to size smaller but thank you anyway for the product I just all I did was we sell to sell it thank you though 
You can't beat the quality of Spanx as long as you accept that you MUST order two sizes larger than the chart says you need . 
You will never get them on otherwise . 
( And if you do get them on , you'll be miserable . ) 
Order two sizes up and they'll still be snug and hold down the jiggles . 
They also keep the skirt from sticking to your behind after you've been sitting . 
They're still a challenge to get on - especially after using a public restroom where you don't have a lot of room . 
I really wish they'd make them in more sizes for larger bodies , but overall , they are awesome and worth the price . 
Its been a couple of years since I last bought Spanx , but these aren't exactly like the ones I already have . 
The panty isn't as substantial ( the older ones are double layers ) and the thighs don't stay in place like they use to . 
I am 5 ' 8 " , about 135 pounds , and the size B is basically what I expected . 
I wish they had a little more of a smooth finish so that fabrics glide over them a little more easily but I think these will do their purpose underneath a bridesmaids dress . 
My husband only wears Jockey and we cannot find these local anywhere . 
He was shocked and pleased that I found these for him . 
The fabric wears very well . 
So we give them a five star rating and will buy them again when these wear out . 
I think Jockey may be discontinuing this line as the price was great , and I could not find the Elance at the local department store . 
The only down side was that he wanted all black but could not order this color in the 3 - pack . 
Shipping was good and the package arrived in good shape . 
I have a wide foot , a bunion , and a ugly hammertoe , . 
I could never find a shoe that didn't bother one or the other until now . 
I wish more items would have no tags . 
Beautiful bag . 
Holds my Nikon D5200 and four lenses and also my Panasonic video camera . 
Lots of handy little pockets to hold manuals or filters or battery chargers . 
I like the style . 
it's water repellant and it is a no-frills bag . 
I don't need all of that extra foam . 
I may need to whop somebody with my bag full of lenses someday and I want it to count , should the opportunity dictate such a defensive action.It holds everything I need for specific assignments.It ' s made in the USA too ! 
I'd been thinking about getting a pair for years because of all the positive reviews so I finally pulled the trigger . 
Good call , because they are super comfy and easy to slip on and off . 
On the downside though they are black seude shoes . 
I must not have looked closely enough because I thought they were just black leather . 
I suppose I just don't see myself as the type of guy that wears seude shoes . 
They'll work great for casual wear in the winter / fall , but come summer spring I don't see myself sporting these shoes with shorts . 
These shoes are not light in weight ; the pair ( size 10 1/2 D ) weighs approximately 1 lb . 
12 5/8 oz . 
The suede is a good quality and finish on these slip-ons is clean and well done . 
Interior seams are clean and the lining is soft and cushioned . 
My spouse wears an 11 D in Brooks running shoes and an 11D in most conventional shoes . 
The " Merrell Jungle Moc " slip-ons that fit comfortably and did not gap or slide were a size 10 1/2 D . 
From the middle of the front to the center of the heel , the interior measurement on a 10 1/2 D is approximately 11 " . 
At the ball of the foot , the interior width is approximately 3 " ; at the heel , approximately the interior width is approximately 2 " . Individuals having more sensitive feet may find the point at which the sole joins to the shoe , near the ball of the foot , somewhat irritating . 
It was for this reason that my spouse purchased " Skechers GoWalk 2 " shoes and returned the " Merrell Jungle Moc " slip-ons . 
Overall had his right foot not been so sensitive , he would have kept them as he did like these shoes . 
I have had some of the cheaper versions of these and the Merrells are definetely a cut above . 
Better arch support and so on . 
I expect they will wear a lot better as well . 
It would be nice if they made them in narrow sizes for guys like me though . 
So when he goes to bingo he is styling 
Didn't like the look of them when I took them out . 
Should have inspected at the store but did not . 
Awesome . 
They're great for weekend days when I have to go to work or even a semi-casual night out.The uppers are suede and I've been a bit worried about damaging them , but so far , they've held up quite well . I bought size 10.5 and they fit well . 
Seems lately the shoes you get are getting shorter or narrower or just don't fit . 
Had a few pairs of Romeos and all pairs hurt my feet . 
Now she wants a pair . 
Oh , did I forget to say , they are good looking , too ! 
hard to find 13 wide shoes . 
bought a pair a few years ago and the qualityseemed better . 
Just what my husband was looking for . 
They fit true to size . 
The mistake was on my part . 
I thought I hit 10 instead of 9 . 
Returns are always a problem . 
Gave to friend who wears 9 . 
They said K-Swiss is not like older K-Swiss . 
Got cheaper with material and fit too snug . 
It is just what I wanted to replace the old pairs . 
Goes well with everything and great price . 
My husband loves these hard to find tennis ! 
they looked good but weren't nearly as comfortable as i was expecting . 
i ended up returning them . 
Disappointed skinny feet . 
Ripped in one wearing . 
LOW QUALITY 
If you are looking for the Reeboks that were made in the 80 ' s and 90 ' s , this is not it . 
I have a friend who feet kill her she wanted these so order them for her so far they have work like a dream .. 
The low tread works on all floors and the hightop is good for no rolling your ankle . 
I use to love these in the ' 80 ' s but hi-tops became obsolete . 
Glad I could find some because in the hot summer I hate wearing my ankle braces as they make my feet sweat too much and constrict my blood flow making my feet and ankles swell . 
I've been wearing this type of shoe since the mid eighties . 
I got this for the boyfriend because he needed a good work coat , and he loves it . 
I bought this sock to wear with my rain boots in the winter . 
It has lots of cushion and I have had no blisters after wearing them long hours . 
The extra cushion on the bottom is really nice , and I have been wearing them around my house as a slipper sock . 
Only buy them if you have extra room in your shoe . 
I know these are advertised for hiking , but I have worn them with 2 inch heeled boots before and they're great . 
My feet would normally start hurting after walking for a long time in those boots , but with these socks on , my feet don't hurt at all . 
These socks really do what they say they do . 
I would order another pair . 
Nice feeling but last only 1 or 2 wears , which isn't good . 
It is hard to find a good compromise between soft and durable . 
They are socks that fit me well . 
I have no complaints . 
Nice heavy thick material . 
We've bought these time and time again because they're such a great buy . 
They last a very long time due to the type of fabric and they fit great . 
My brother has asked for a new pair every Christmas for the past few years because he loves them so much ! 
We originally purchased his Carhart pants for hunting . 
However , he wears them to school , in the snow and for all his outdoor activities . 
He started something , because a lot of boys are wearing them to school now . 
No matter how much dirt he piles on , they aways come clean . 
carhartt mean quality . 
plain and simple . i only wear carhartt pants and shorts . 
nothing else . 
After the third or fourth time I wore them , unreal fit . 
Carhartt pants are always very good , these pants are very heavy duty , don't see them wearing through any time soon . 
Size runs true , great fit , durable fabric , I have several pairs-will last a very long time ! 
Pretty decent deal , would cost you at least $ 10 more in a local store . 
A typical blue jean fabric is thicker than what you get here . 
I would give them 6 months max . 
They are a high quality product . 
I have older ones and knew what to expect and they didn't disappoint . 
These pants are awesome but they run small and that's why I rated them with 4 stars instead of 5 . 
If you are a big guy ( I'm 6 ' 4 275lbs ) that likes to have room YOU MUST ORDER 2 SIZES BIGGER ! ! 
Trust me , save time by doing so but in the other hand if you are skinny w / no behind then order your regular size or maybe 1 size bigger just to be comfortable . 
Every pair of pants fit differently however before you buy these keep in mind a dungaree fit means you will be wearing them like a rap star . 
Hanging off your bottom , and look ridiculous . 
Good quality material just get a pair of suspenders with them . 
No BS long sleeve . 
Fits like it should . 
Carhartt makes products that last , this is durable , materials and workmanship went into the product . 
I use it when driving a student van . 
I wear Carhartt's T's every day , whether long sleeve of short , they are great-fitting , high quality and long-lasting ! 
I wear a basic cotton T-shirt under these.If you have a beer belly or chest measures larger than a 42 " regular suit a Large will probably be a better fit , also if you are going to wear over thermal shirt or sweater underneath go with the Large . I'm Carhartt brand loyal , I try to buy on sale , Henley was just over $ 20 so not much discount but Carhartt sells out - here on Amazon and in western wear stores - even if you pay full price you won't regret it . 
Very heavy and is wearing well . 
Would definitely buy more in other colors . 
doesn't shrink , easy in / out of laundry , can iron and its a dressy casdual shirt 
They cushion the feet where needed and do not shift or fall down . 
They launder very well . 
Thicker than most t-shirts . 
I probably could have used a large but it may shrink a bit . 
I think it does run a little on the big side . 
They are long and hold up to the wear and tear . 
Definitely would recommend ! 
High quality shirt worth the price I will buy more I got the Gray just washed it no shrinking ither 
The shirt seems to be very durable , and is thicker more dense material than your average T shirt . I ordered 2X , but I think I will order 1X next time . 
This t shirt is roomy . 
Itis a heavier material than most t shirts that I have found lately . 
I've been disappointed until two weeks ago when I came back to Carhartt Men's Workwear Pocket T-Shirts . 
For starters , I bought one Large and one XL . I'm 6 ' 2 " and 200 pounds . 
The Large is close to a perfect fit , and just a little big in the shoulders.THEY DID NOT SHRINK when just thrown into the washer and dryer , and came out remarkably almost wrinkle free . I don't know why it's called " workwear . " 
It's very comfortable , a little heavier than the better pocket T's , and will be my daily wear when I hike , am on a photo shoot , " working " around the house , or just lazing around . 
I'd consider it " casual wear . 
" I just bought 6 more , all in Large.ew 
Just out of the pkg . 
it is slightly large , which is a good sign . 
only to avoid further shrinkage . 
It is 100 percent cotton , and is plenty long enough for our guys who need to do a lot of bending while working . 
I wish there were more color choices in the 3XT other than the tan and green . 
This is a medium-weight or even a little better quality than medium-weight t-shirt . 
You won't be disappointed with the quality . 
And the price point ( $ 13 + ) was very good for a brand-name product . 
Seems are well made and the fabric is thicker than most other brands of this class . 
I normally wear an XL , but that was giant on me . 
Didn't notice any shrinking . 
Am comparing this to what I considered original fit when the product had tags . 
These are sized uniformly and the ribbed neck have held their shape after many washings . 
I've purchased the 6.75 oz . 
only when stated , when no mention of weight assume their not . 
They are very durable . 
What I don't get is the neck-hole can vary a lot . 
I own about 10 of these shirts and 3 of them have really large neck-holes . 
When I receive them , I try them on then wash them . 
All 3 of those shirts had really big neck holes . 
These work shorts are high quality and very durable . 
I would definitely recommend these work shorts . 
These shirts are great for the tall / bigger guy . 
You will feel how well made these shirts are when you put them on . 
The fit on these shirts is true . 
I have to say that in my line of work I am very hard on my shirts and pants . 
Carhartt is one of the few brands that hold up to the punishment . 
I ordered four of these Carhartt's workwear T shirts . 
I wear a 2xl and tall too . 
They seem long enough for me and I am 6 ' 5 " . 
See how the work in time but for my early impression of them , they seem very good ! 
Not FR but serves as good a purpose as nat . 
fibers pose less risk of burn injuries . 
These were a lot thicker then I thought they would be but we will see how cool they keep me soon . 
:) 
It was more like an XXL than an XL . 
I would have sent them back but I already washed them . 
Very satisfied with this product . 
The material is durable for work wear . 
I really like the fell and comfort 
I thought this was supposed to be a fairly high end and durable clothing line for working class people ? 
first I have to return a pair of carpenter jeans because the leg width is laughably big - seriously , like clown pants . 
and now I have a tshirt that has little holes and looks faded after only a handful of washes . 
a $ 4 dollar hanes tagless t-shirt holds up better . 
The feel good , made of good material , and I think it is going to be a great work shirt for him . 
The shirts were made of good quality nice heavy cotton was very happy with them you can't beat for the money they will last you a long time 
All are made of a heavy fabric that washes up great . 
Very heavy duty material . 
Quite long and actually is a little too big . 
Next time I will get a 3x . 
it's durable , had a decent length , and with thick enough fabric . I kind of wish the neck hole was a bit smaller though , every big and tall shirt company assumes you have the neck to head ratio of a seal . 
Ordinary socks don't cut it for hiking . 
They are soft and comfortable and I recommend Wool and / or Silk for hiking as either will help prevent blisters on the feet . 
Jacket is a little stiff but I'm sure it will ease up in time , really like the fit . 
I wear a large and I'm 5 ' 10 and 180 # and I couldn't ask for a better fit . 
We got this to replace an older coat that he accidently left out of town during a trip . 
Can't go wrong with Carhartt's ! 
he goes through a pair every two years . 
We tried them on in a store to make sure we knew what size to get to go over his regular work clothes . 
They last longer that way . 
Pay attention to the little things , there are 2 styles in these . 
thought I bought too large . 
phew . 
they are what they say they are no worries about your purchase . 
Make sure you order about 10 sizes larger than what you need . 
These are meant to be warn over other layers of clothing so you need to take in account for that . 
I highly recommend it for anyone working out in cold conditions . 
The Reebok Classics were so cute . 
I was delighted to find them for sale on Amazon . 
The width was perfect , but the length was a bit short for me , unfortunately . 
Can be wash ( be white ) but needs to hang dry . 
I ordered this one from Amazon because I didn't have time to drive to Walmart ( which usually doesn't have what we need ) or Dick's ( an hour away ) . The belt is perfect - long enough and adjustable for adult sized waists , wider than youth belts , and made of stretchy elastic . 
These jeans however changed my perception and definitely feels as though they are made to last a lifetime as the materials used are quality to the touch and even the stitches used are of a high quality . 
Relaxed fit will give you plenty of room where it counts and the heavy denim is durable . 
Very heavy duty for work , and wearable right out of the drier if you get them out before they cool down . 
I totally recommend them . 
I love them and can tell they will hold up for many years to come . 
Tactical Dad Jeans . 
These jeans fit exactly as they should and they are very nice . 
Carhartt is a great brand and these jeans seems very durable . 
I would definitely buy them again . 
Sized incorrectly and could not obtain them in the size / length needed for replacement . 
Disappointing considering the brand . 
These are great jeans for casual wear . 
I would recommend them to a friend . 
Look well made and durable ... but if we are going based off looks these things look cartoon blue . 
These are a pair of work jeans I keep in my car for site visits at power plants and they are cartoonish how blue the darkstone are . 
The only thing worse than wearing a pair of dress slacks around a power plant are looking like a mark with these jeans.May just need a few washes to dim these out a little bit . 
Again , quality looks on point though . 
I will update if there is a fade to the jeans . 
Been wearing this cut for years and probably will for many more . 
He likes the jeans and feels like they are well made and durable . 
They wash well and fit well too . 
they seem a little longer than the 32 inch length I thought I ordered but other than that , they are the best . 
I will buy more of this brand in the future ! 
The pockets are good and made with a dark and sturdy material . 
I would highly recommend these jeans to others who are looking for durability . 
After having 3 pairs of thee most famous jeans in the world fail prematurely due to shoddy construction and stitching , I reluctantly decided to try these Carhartt's . 
I have always worn Levi's - but sick of their lack of quality and high price , so I purchased these Carhartt Jeans to see if they were any good , Yes they are VERY Good ! 
This is the third pair of these jeans I have purchased . 
The quality of construction far surpasses other brands of jeans I have purchased . 
Good fit , good-looking , good support . 
He wears them several times a week and they still look like new 
Poor quality , the price is expensive . 
You should buy this product with caution . 
My size is between 9 ~ 9.5 long . 
I can wear thick socks and wearing it in cold days . 
It is a good choice for heavy guys . 
When the bag for my tent started falling apart I bought this to replace it and this bag is nice . 
The seams are sewn well and you can tell it is very good quality . 
Would recommend . 
These are exactly right . 
We have had a horrible winter . 
Not so bad now . 
They are no longer brown . 
Instead they look like they were washed with something that bled into the brown threads and I guess it was the dark fleece lining that did it ... because the pants were washed alone . 
But for around the house and yard , walking dogs , hunting - they'll be fine . 
I wear these in the yard and when working in the cold and snow and I love them . 
In work boots these are the perfect length for a person who normally wears a 30 length . 
Very impressed . 
This is a heavy duty boot brush that won't slide around when you're trying to get mud off your feet . 
A little smaller than a dime I think . 
I like them - easy to wear etc 
This item is smaller than the first impression I had when viewing the description . 
I would not order such jewelry again . 
Bought these for my mom for Xmas . 
She really likes them . 
They also seem to be hypoallergenic . 
! 
They are very similar to some earrings I already own so I ended up giving them as a gift . 
These 14K gold hoops are about the diameter of a dime 1/2 inch , and the width is about 1/4 inch . 
The hoops seem sturdy , the catch looks fragile . 
I did wear them for a week nonstop and they never came undone . 
But I imagine taking them on and off repeatedly might eventually be an issue with the fragile looking catch . 
But it wasn't nearly as uncomfortable as a butterfly back post because the post tends to hang downward rather than poking straight back . 
Good quality , sturdy and the size was exactly what I wanted . 
They're very light and you hardly notice you're wearing them . 
I thought they'd be slightly thicker , but they're fine . 
The main gripe I have is that the clasp is a little flimsy . 
I wanted small earrings to wear for every day , that I could also sleep in . 
You could also wear them in a second hole in your ear higher up if you piercings there.Someone else commented that they are about the size of a dime . 
I would agree . 
With the high cost of gold these days , they are worth the money . 
Not at all uncomfortable if you happen to sleep with them on :) 
These are very nice hoop earrings for a child . 
These earings broke a week after I got them . 
I was very happy with the way they looked , but than they broke . 
Very cheaply made . 
These earrings are a lot smaller than they appear on the website , I am returning them since they are much to small for me . 
I got all three colors . 
They are small ; they hug the ear lobe . 
I can wear them casually when I want to dress up just a little . 
For other people who may have more than one pierced hole , these would be great to match with the ball studs . 
I have those in 5mm . 
I would recommend them . 
I LOVE THIS ITEM , A LITTLE SMALL THAN I THOUGHT , BUT OKAY , I WILL GIVE THEM TO MY GRANDDAUGHTER NO PROBLEM THOUGH , I'LL KNOW THE NEXT TIME . 
Wanted to slip trollbeads , etc . 
over them . 
I get alot of compliments . 
I like that they go with everything . 
I WILL BE LOOKING FOR MY 14KT . 
GOLD FROM AMAZON . 
THEY HAVE SO MANY CHOICESIT MAKES YOU KEEP GOING BACK . 
Pretty . 
Thin . 
Very light in weight . 
Received as expected . 
The size is adequate . 
Blah , blah , blah . 
These earrings I had to send back because they weren't that big like I wanted them to be and they were flimsy and for the price I expected to be a bolder look , and a heavier weight . 
Bought these to match a gold necklace that I gave someone for Christmas . 
I would recommend as long as you know they aren't a bright gold , but more of a rose gold color . 
I previously ordered the 7mm studs when they were a gold box deal . 
They seemed too large for me , so I ordered this size . 
Now these seem way too small . 
I wouldn't have believed there was such a difference in 2mm . 
The posts are even notched to secure the backs . 
Will try the local jewelers for good backs . 
A very good buy . 
The price is very reasonable . 
I recommend this product to anyone who wants a casual or even dress earring . 
Sorry , sis ! 
My backs are firm and the studs are long enough . 
I got all three colors at a lightning deal offer . 
I was sorry I was only allowed to buy one of each . 
I have bought 3 pairs of fold ball studs . 
The 2 prior were very fragile and dented easily . 
These are such a great size , are nice and shiny , and have a good weight to them . 
However , the backs are completely useless . 
So I'm disappointed that I'm going to have to spend the time , money and effort to pick up replacement backs , but I expected this based on some of the other reviews . 
Would recommend 
The white gold and yellow gold contrasts are barely visible and can only be seen from real close . 
Just saw these one day and thought I'd give them a try . 
Just the right size . 
I really wanted an ALL Rose Gold look . 
I have shoulder length hair and they barely show . 
I might switch to a dangle shape instead . 
If I had gobs of money I would definitely keep them ! 
I have to decide ... it's hard to know what to do . 
I have a ring wth rose gold and would like earrings of same color to match . 
Not a hard case . 
I would buy another one if I needed to , but the speedo case is a better buy I believe . 
I buy many of these in black . 
I wear to the gym and under dresses and tops . 
They are luxurious . 
AND they last through many many washings and come out like brand new . 
I highlhy recomment these pants . 
I am 5 ' 8 a nd they come down to my mid calf . 
Cheryl 
Danskins have been around for quite a while . 
I have purchase these as gifts and for myself . 
LOVE the material , because not the shiny " racer " fabric ; for me they slide down on the waist and pull the undies with them a tad doing weight machines , so I'm going to order a medium just to compare . 
5 ' 8 " tall . 
wash well and I even put them in the dryer 
I would buy them again . 
I don't know if it was only the brown / tan color I ordered or all colors ... but these were very unattractive on the foot . 
They looked huge ( long ) and clunky . 
Looked like my foot was about 6 sizes larger than is real . 
I returned them for that reason . 
I bought this for my two-year-old . 
He can't tell time , obviously , but he loves watches and wanted to wear one like Daddy . 
It is so so cute . 
He will still be able to wear it when he is much older . 
There isn't a second-hand ; instead , two lizards go around the dial . 
It is just precious and very sturdy too . 
You can't beat timex for quality and value . 
I bought this for my grandson as his first watch . 
He loves it ! 
He loves the lizards that double for second hands . 
these were exactly the style and quality that I expected and will be ordering a whole bunch of other colors . 
And the price is right . 
This pants like me . 
The product is accurately described by the seller . 
Very good price-quality ratio . 
I love it and I recommend it 
Just like my first pair and fits even better . 
I luv these jeans . 
They fit just right . 
They are my new Saturday night hang out pants . 
I say that good taste never goes out of style . 
For guys this is the equivalent . 
Of " the little black dress " . 
I saw used 501 ' s on ebay sell for more than I paid for these . 
They fit as they are meant to do and the quality is very good also . 
Never had any problems 
Typical of Levi Jeans , these are a bit stiff but after you break them in they will become a favorite piece of your wardrobe . 
The only thing is that when you use the bathroom , a bit of work needs to be done before relieving yourself . 
Very fit , wear cool , I like it 
That's good enough for me ! 
If he likes them that's what counts . 
The brown has hues of green . 
Will match with blues and greens on top of browns . 
Oh one more thing , There is nothing Cooler than a pair of Button Fly Levi's . 
In fact I order the men's sizes as its easier to get the exact fit .. Love em Love em Loveeee em . 
A must in Black Ladies ... 
Not much to say . 
I've been using this kind of jeans since i was a teenager and i am never going to change them . 
I buy Levi 501s all the time and was surprised at how differently these particular jeans fit from the ones I usually buy . 
I will have to pay more attention to the " type " of 501 I buy in the future . 
He is one that is difficult to buy pants for so I thank you for having something . 
He looks great and is very pleased - and he's a tough crowd ! 
What else , they're 501 ' s right ? 
Of course they rock . 
I buy Levi's for a reason . 
This Levi's Poor pants is Poor quality , fabric is very thick , hard , I buy for my son , he didn't feel like it . 
I expect the same as what I bought 30 years back , and it is real close , other than a bit more costly than during my college years . 
Very disappointing . 
I really like the pants , was expecting them to shrink to fit but that wasn't the case.so they are a little long on me but that's ok , so when I sit they cover my shoes . 
Iguess that's a plus , idk . 
Most everything I buy from Amazon is very good . 
The jeans fit very well . 
They are a good buy . 
I bought the Levi's Men's 501 Original Fit Jean , Dark Stonewash , 38x29 . 
Other reviews said that the Dark Stonewash was the best material . 
However as someone who used to own multiple pairs of 501 ' s years ago I was sorely disappointed . 
The material is a lot lighter and cheaper than what I remember too . 
Original fit ? ? ? 
Shrink to fit ? ? ? 
Nope nada no way ! 
I have already washed them and there was no shrink to fit . 
My pair of jeans were made in Malaysia . I recommend going to a brick and mortar store and trying out various brands and sizes as Levi's which I used to be able to buy just by size is no longer what it used to be . I give these Jeans only 2 stars : Minus 1 star for bad material , minus 1 star for bad fit , minus 1 star for not being American made any more . 
For some reason these jeans ran smaller than my other 501 ' s . 
I could barely button these jeans . I wasn't a fan of the wash either , it's a lighter blue than I expected . 
I ended up returning them . 
My only complaint is that I think they are over priced . 
I get smiled at , winked at , flowers thrown at , phone numbers handed to me , cookies baked for me ... etc . 
The fabric is soft , but thick and strong , should last a long time . 
i like this jean :) ) 
They don't come with a zipper but a button . 
so I know his size these were either missed marked or 2nd ' s or something . 
never again will I get them here . 
trust the reviews on this one don't bother to waste your time getting them here . 
Perfects 
Maybe they aren't or maybe they are , but these are what's available today and they remain a stone cold classic blue jean.What I really like about ordering them on Amazon is the many choices of colors in the sizes I need at a more then fair price . 
Can't be beat . 
The clasp takes a little work setting up , but once you do it is very easy to use as you don't have to adjust it every time you use it . 
Returned and waiting for a refund . 
Do not purchase this particular Skagen model from Jomashop.Updates * : So I returned the watch and ordered another one , this time , from Watchstar . 
And guess what ? 
It doesn't have the word " Titanium " on its dial either . 
I suspect that Amazon just sent me back what I had returned . 
I guess I'll just take the 30 % off they offered for this faulty product . 
If one had a large calf , the " one size " might too snug , however . 
I would recommend this product . 
Exactly as expected 
I love wearing dress shoes , but hate the foot funk that comes with wearing them barefoot , and the ugly that comes with wearing them with trouser socks . 
My legs are pretty wide at 200 pounds ; but these knee highs are supposed to fit someone much bigger and heavy than I . 
I had to return them and have given up trying to find a pair of stockings / knee highs that I can wear without being tortured . 
I am very short ( 5 ' ) so it's impossible to find regular stockings that won't choke my waist , and the same goes for the knee highs . 
I have tried " Q " sizes to no avail , the elastic at the top is always terribly uncomfortable . 
If you read this and have any ideas , please contact me ? 
I will just need to tone up me back more . 
I read the reviews and I saw the dimensions , but I wasn't prepared for just how big this thing was going to be . 
WOW . 
Great for long trips , but way too big for overnights or even weekend trips . 
Love , love , love this cosmetic bag ! 
I can't say enough positive things about this bag . 
I have always found it frustrating digging through bags trying to find the bottle I need . 
This solves that problem being able to where everything is at a glance . 
The bag then folds in half to lay flat fitting perfect in a carry on . 
Love this travel bag ! 
It folds in half so it fits nice and flat in your suitcase . 
Small items fit in the upper 4 pockets . 
Slightly larger items in the next three . 
We put our toothbrushes and toothpaste in the next compartment ; and the larger items in the bottom two pockets ( his and hers ) . 
Upon arrival at our hotel , we just hang it in the bathroom and have access to all our toiletries . 
They're very comfortable , match with anything and look really nice . 
Unfortunately , after wearing less than a week , they began to fall apart . 
Sooo , I returned them again . 
This time , we'll buy in person as Amazon cannot be trusted to deliver a quality product that is sized correctly . 
I bought these because a landscaper working for me has a crack issue . 
These things work great ! 
are heavy duty and look and feel substantial . 
Well worth the money . 
Hiked and swam all over Maui with these on . 
A little clunky in the water , but better than kicking a rock . 
Got them for a friend and he loves them . 
My husband has purchased these same sandals probably about 4 or 5 times . 
Obviously he likes them ! 
Like a lot of sandals they do get stinky after a while and he probably buys a new pair every 2-3 seasons . 
Let me preface this by saying that I've had my pair of these Keens for ten years . 
Ten . 
I bought them in the Navy in 2004 and I've been everywhere with them . 
Islands in Italy . 
Germany . 
Boating . 
Hiking . 
Biking . 
Painting . 
Kicking . 
You get the drift.They are still in my closet ready for another summer of abuse . 
If you buy any pair of sandals , you're wasting your money . 
I wish I could show you them , but they're shy . 
Buy and you'll rack up the experiences.Peace and good journeys . 
Everyone loves Keens , got these for my hubby for fathers day , unfortunately these seem to run a bit narrow so we had to return them . 
My husband is wearing them around the house for major projects ! 
He just built a fenced in chain link fence in the back yard wearing these ! 
Silly , I know but that is him : he grabs whatever pair of shoes and cares not what they are when he is working So they have dust and dirt on them but the soles are so heavy duty that he is wearing them for these tasks ! 
He is very hard on shoes ; apparently you can use these for remodeling projects they are so heavy duty ! 
Would buy him these again ! 
I've had dozens of these . 
They are great for hiking ( as the name implies ) , but I also wear them for X-C skiing , walking the dogs , and around the house . 
I find that after about a year , they start to wear a bit and the fabric starts to get weaker , which can lead to holes.This led me to experiment with Darn Tough socks , which have a lifetime guarantee . 
I came to the conclusion that Darn Tough makes better low cut athletic socks ( similar to the Smartwool Phd running / cycling socks ) , but that Smartwool still wins in the crew length / hiking sock category . 
Nice way to keep your feet from seawting and smelling . 
I love wearing these in cold weather with boots because it keeps my feet warmer when outside , but not too heavy so that they are sweating when I head indoors . 
Good top quality mid weight wool hiking sock . 
I love the weight of these socks for winter wear as well as a hiking sock . 
I love weari g them out and about or around the house . 
I like these shorts . 
My only complaint is that the pockets are super bulky . 
They made the pockets too big I think because they bunch up . 
Other that that , I like them . 
Nice and soft material . 
Wish they came in more colors . 
Quality material and as expected from Danskin . 
Very comfy and well made . 
I am 5 ' 5 " and curvy ( 155 # ) . 
Would definitely order more of these / other Danskin products . 
They are great for hanging out around the house , and I also wear them for light exercise - like a tap dancing class I'm taking . 
Flattering , too . 
I use this product to protect my backpack and rain jacket on my short commute to work on my bicycle . 
Keeps me and my gear dry . 
And doesn't discolored fabric like other products I have tried . 
This set of silk thermals is the base of most of my wardrobe . 
I can even wear them under tights ( ain't easy :) 
It's very thin and it looks like it will disintegrate if I'm any rougher with it . 
The sleeves were too long and the neckline as sagging . 
I was sort of disappointed when I received this because I expected it to be fitted and it is too loose to comfortably where under fitted sweaters . 
This version is a lot thinner and I am not sure how long it will last . 
If you get the top you must get the bottom . 
These are really soft . 
Sometimes I even for got I had them on ! 
Bought these for my boyfriend . 
He is a logger in Maine and he loves that they last for years even in harsh conditions . 
I was looking at watches with my friend and when she came across this one , I wanted it too . 
Little did I know she had bought it for me for Christmas ! ! ! 
:) You can't beat a Timex ! 
I love the date / day mode as well . 
Enjoy ! 
Can't go wrong with a Timex . 
TIMEX OUTLAST ANY OTHER WATCH THAT I HAVE PURCHASED FOR HIM . 
WE WOULD RECOMMEND THIS WATCH . 
I would buy again if I needed too , but I really hope this will serve me well for years to come . 
Clear , readable dial and contrasting hands , breathable band . 
The price is right and they really last quite a while . 
If you are looking for a great watch to wear that is casual and looks great with all casual clothes you will love this watch . 
Got this for my wife the nurse , couldn't be happier ... Priced right we've had them before , bet this lasts over 5 years .. 
This is my second watch like this . 
My collection would not be complete without this Timex Expedition with the Indiglo and the alarm . 
! 
I'm hard on a watch and the primary reason I still wear one , is that I love the alarm feature . 
It's an old fashioned analog alarm that rings every hour or every 12 - hours , depending on how you set the stem . 
Nice loud chime and it lights up at night , to boot . 
I can set the alarm using the outer ring or the setting stem . 
Water resistant and very durable , I usually end up buying a new one in 2-3 years , even before the battery wears out . 
I don't go diving with this watch , but it gets wet a lot and I never worry about dropping it or losing it . 
I found this watch for my husband probably 10 yrs . 
ago . 
He is really hard on his watches being a mechanic . 
It's Velcro so easy to remove when needing to quickly . 
I only have to purchase new when he either scratches up the face to much or loses it like he did this time . 
just as i expected ! 
This is a really cute watch and works very well . 
The indiglo is an added bonus ! 
The second hand is flowers that work their way around the clock . 
My daughter loves it ! 
She loves it , and wears it all the time . 
They are really loose and fall off unless I wear garters . 
The double fronts last . 
They wear like iron and can feel like iron , they need softening . 
althoygh I would notr get anything else . 
All Carhartts are sized differently no matter where you buy them and always have . 
This particular style is the closest to the hub's actual size . 
They are PLENTY long . 
That being said . 
They are as tough as they say . 
I'm a welder and have put these to the test . 
They have held up better than every other pair of jeans I've ever owned . 
I also love that they don't shrink in the dryer.My only gripe is that the inseam is a tad too long , but that's how all Carhartt pants run for me so I'm used to it . 
And , I really like how he looks in them ! 
The pants fit great , but they run a a couple inches long ... the 32 " length seem closer to 34 " ... maybe more ? 
? Not really an issue when I put on my boots ... These pants are certainly stiff ... i hope they get a tad softer after a few wearings . 
These pants are awesome . 
Build quality is incredible they will last forever . 
The only complaint is they are long ! 
Much much longer then a standard 32 . 
The quality is excellent but the size was wrong . 
He buy's these all the time at a local place and never has had a size problem . 
I usually buy them at my local store but the Amazon price is $ 10 less and my local store would not match . 
The last 5 pairs of these pants I have purchased , including this pair have all been very bad on size consistency . 
But this last year or so has been pretty bad . 
For me that is the difference of pants dragging on the ground or practically falling off my waist ! 
I'm not sure what is going on in the quality control department , but I'm going to be trying the Duluth Fire hose pants now to see if they are more consistent . 
My co-worker swears by them . 
GOT 2 PAIR ( ONE ON AND ONE IN THE WASH ) JUST TO SEE HOW THEY'D WEAR . 
AT LAST A PAIR OF JEANS EVEN HE COULDN'T RUIN . 
TIGHTLY WOVEN DUCK MATERIAL WITH DOUBLE THIGH FABRIC WON'T GET RIPPED UP BY BRIARS AND UNDERBRUSH . 
WON'T FRAY FROM 80 # HAY BALES RUBBING AGAINST HIM AS HE CARRIES THEM . 
DIESEL FUEL ROLLS OFF THE TIGHTLY WOVEN FABRIC AND BACKHOE GREASE SCRAPES RIGHT OFF . 
THESE JEANS WEAR LIKE IRON AND LAST LONGER THAN 4-6 PAIRS OF HIS DENIM ONES . 
YOU'LL PAY MORE FOR THEM BUT STILL SAVE MONEY SINCE THEY LAST SO LONG . 
This watch give great timing , and the only reason it needs to be replaced every couple of years is that the thin strap breaks . 
I love it and would buy another . 
Bought this as a gift several months ago . 
Came earlier than expect with the right amount of packaging . 
So far so good . 
The little butterfly that moves around with the second hand it cute too . 
And the fact that it's waterproof lets me not worry if she wears in in the shower . 
My daughter loves the glow feature . 
And it even took a trip through our HE washing machine and SURVIVED ! 
lol . 
I have liquid silver cleaner also , but like that i can shine with the cloth even when i am wearing the jewelry . 
I am quite pleased with this product to clean my silver jewelry . 
My jewelry store advised that I should only use a cloth to polish my silver bracelets and necklaces , as silver jewelry can be made with many different types of silver . 
The price is reasonable , and there isn't an odd smell or mess when using the cloth . 
If you want something to walk around the park , or when weather is hot & humid ( like in Asia ) , this is THE sandal to grab . 
The straps don ' t come up as far upon the instep as the other styles of Keens . 
Size 8 seem to fit appropriately . 
Didn't have to size up . 
It's just me , but I seem to like the regular Venice better than the H2 . 
I think the H2 is hotter , live in Florida , and the fit is just a little off . I do really like this shoe . 
Can walk long with them . 
Very good arch support , and you can wash them in the machine.Pretty darn good . 
Normally I wear a size 8 but I decided to buy these in an 8.5 because the toe box looks short and it is short . 
I have long toes and they were pressed up against that toe bumper so these sandals would not work for me and I sent them back . 
To order up to a 9 would probably just make the whole sandal too roomy . 
This is too bad because the foot bed was very comfortable . 
I was hoping for more arch support for my high arches , but the footbed seemed fairly flat to me . 
However , if you have flat feet , this amount of arch support is probably fine ( I would call it minimal , but I suppose it is all a matter of perspective ) . 
I ordered my regular size and taking the advice of the keenfootwear site I also ordered a half size larger than I normally wear as their website advised that this style runs about half size small . 
I don't want the sandal to be super snug on my foot . 
The 8.5 sandal is smaller than my 8.5 Keen leather shoe . 
I am looking forward to wearing sandals that protect my toes and also cover them from view . 
I noticed that my doctor wears these sandals all of year round in her office so I thought I would give them a try . 
I have flat feet and bunions so I figured I would give these a try . 
I like the fact that they can be worn in the water as I am often walking in creeks with my dogs and also have to walk over rocky ground down to the lake to swim . 
Amazon seems to understand that buying shoes online is hit or miss and there are going to be returns . 
With Prime membership the return shipping is free . 
I have both H2 and the leather . 
Recommend these sandals for anyone looking for style , comfort . 
Note - I usually wear a 9 and have to wear a 10 in these ! Once you know the sizing , though - they're awesome . 
I wore them for 2 weeks straight and hiked all over Guatemala and Honduras and the Bay Islands . 
Not a single blister or back ache . 
You don't slip on wet surfaces , your feet stay in them , your toes are protected . 
The only drawback is that it's a little hard to get a stone or sand out , but that's a decent tradeoff for comfortable feet in my opinion . 
If you get them dirty you can hose or scrub them off and they look great - they can really take a beating.And they actually look cute on - I get tons of compliments whenever I wear them , which is often . 
They've become my go-to sandals now ( what flip flops ? ) . 
They're worth every penny . 
Wow these are just great for everything and my feet are happy at the end of the day . 
Remember to put suntan lotion you the tops of your feet as mine are now look like a checker board from the sun . 
You can't go wrong with these sandals . 
I first ordered my true size but it was just slightly too short and had to swap for a half size up . 
I even wear them with socks in the winter ! 
They have good arch support and look really cute with jeans . 
They are made to fit so as you wear them stretch . 
I received many compliments on my shoes . 
I wore them all day and my feet didn't hurt . 
" That's what she said " jokes aside , this jacket is super duper warm . 
It is made big so you can put layers undereath , though it was a bit TOO big for me really . 
The sleeves were too long . 
It was also a bit stiff . 
This is my 3rd Carhartt coat and I like this one the most . 
My other one is the C003 model that looks similar but this one has somethings that sets it apart from the other : 1 ) the outer material is not a cotton denim that can fray but is 100 % nylon ( not shiny either ) 2 ) the right sleeve has EXTREMES embroidered into it 3 ) the white / tan Carharrt tag on the left chest is back / gray / white . 
The other coat is a 46 Tall and this extreme is a XL Regular . 
My advice is to go into a store that sells Carharrt coats and try it on first to make sure it's gonna fit right when you buy it here ... that's what I did and found out that I can fit into a Regular when I've worn a Tall for years . 
It's still roomier than my other Carharrt ( which is still good after 5 years , buy fraying so it looks raggedy ) but the other one is tight if I zip it all the way so I probably got used to a smaller sized jacket and this extreme fits just right now . 
I bought this for my boyfriend for Xmas who already has a Carhartt jacket , but he loved this one so much better . 
bought for the hubby for xmas and he got to it before santa could bring it to him . 
he loves it though 
My husband's favorite winter jacket finally wore out . 
He was heartbroken . 
Naturally , I went to Amazon to find him a new one . 
Looked at many , many jackets and read reviews . 
Finding this Carhartt Jacket , reading the reviews , I ordered it . 
I told him about it and he just knew he wasn't going to like it , it wasn't going to fit - blah blah blah . 
He's 6 ' 1 and 250 lbs . 
and most things I buy for him are XXL . 
Went with XL on this jacket because it's a Tall and it fit him perfectly ! 
The jacket is so tough , i have ran it threw the washing machine a couple time and let it hang dry . 
i beat this jacket up . 
Most of the time i had to unzip it a little bit because i was so hot . 
Most jackets have poor hoods and it dose not fit . 
When you get the jacket it is going to be supper stiff but it will break in the more you wear it . 
This jacket will last for ever . 
Most of the jackets i tried on at stores were all to short they felt like belly shirts and they just were not long enough , not this one . 
Im usually a xl or xxl . 
45 degrees and up you sweat . 
Its very tough and the arms are long enough . 
My only problem is the zipper is hard to zip for the first couple of inches but its very slowly getting better with time . 
Coats being reviewed with Coveralls and the like . 
So , these ... Carhartt Men's Extremes Arctic Quilt Lined Zip-To-Waist Biberall , Black , ... are what I am talking about . 
My hubby is crom SOuthern California . 
We were transferred to Maryland . 
Now , some people say that it is not too cold in Maryland ... we tend to disagree . 
Any time it gets below freezing , we get cold . 
Says a lot to us . 
Now a piece of advice ... go find a local retailer , and try them on first ... 
The fit is very strange , and the numbers mean nothing . 
Just make sure thast you have room to bend over ... all the way over . 
If it is binding , then get a larger size . 
It is too hard to do any kind of work when things start tying you up . 
Pros : WarmEasily fit over bootsSnaps and heavy duty zippers , no velcro that can wear out.Waterproof.Long enough to cover the top of your boots to prevent snow in the shoe.Overalls so they can't fall down . 
Either way it only cost a few bucks to have a tailor put a few belt loops on the ankle area but it would have been nice if they came like that.Overall : Best snow pants I have ever had and I don't doubt they will last a long long time . 
I bought these for cold Browns games on Lake Erie in December . 
I suggest buying them bigger than you think so you can fit more clothes underneath . 
The biggest complain he has is with the stiffness and it's almost impossible to take off from his shoulders . 
It's a good fit once he gets it on---just taking it off has been a problem . 
bought a size bigger after reading the reviews and I have to agree they do seem to run smaller than a pair I bought from the mall . 
but the quality is the same . 
Son needs straight leg cut , even though he wears Big Mens . 
These however are a bit tight at the waist and more than a bit tight ar the thighs . 
Although I am pleased with the material I cannot wear thes pants because they are too tight . 
And to think I bought two pairs . 
They come super starchy , the size runs pretty small . 
( I'm a 34 in most everything , a 34 in this seems to feel like a 32 or even 30 at times ) . 
The value can't be beat . 
I shopped around a lot for these pants and didn't find anything anywhere that compared . 
will continue to buy them here . 
I have worked in an automotive shop for the last 7 years and have been wearing these since day one . 
They are stiff as cardboard the first two washes but give them a couple week and and they are wicked soft and comfortable but hold up MUCH longer than regular jeans . 
If you want a pair of " office casual " pants that will last you and are cheap these are it . 
These pants are pants . 
You get 2 front pockets and 2 back packets that will fit keys , a wallet , a lighter . 
Hook snap at waist and zipper fly . 
I never iron them . 
Standard wash and dry . 
If I leave them in the drier too long they come out wrinkled and I just hang them for a day and they come out fine . I bought these to replace 2 other pairs I have in rotation that I have worn at the office for 3 years now.Belt loops are a tad tight for thicker leather belt . 
They take a lot of abuse and last a long time . 
Nice product , great price . 
Had to send these back as my husband has grown a little bit more than he thought . 
So I would never buy any other brand . 
They will last for a very long time under a lot of workouts . 
Great work pants ... seem a bit undersized in the waist ... wrangler jeans are comfortably loose in a 36 waist and these are just a tad snug . 
Repeat customer and do not buy anything else for work . 
Worth every cent . 
These were very good , inexpensive pants . 
Amazon's online sizing chart matched the delivered pants very well . 
This is the 2nd time I have ordered these pants . 
Fit well ! 
And last a very long time . 
Worth the money ! ! 
! 
I bought these as they were cheap and from good clothes supplier . 
I've own several 874 ' s and they've all lasted me years . 
When I was younger I worked a bunch of construction jobs , and these were my go to pants . 
They're extremely high quality , but they tend to take forever to become worn in . 
The waist band can really stiff , and take a couple months to loosen up . 
He liked the fit and styling of these pants , I didn't expect anything less from Dickies . 
for work play or dress . 
I really like this . 
good quality for the money 
The only problem that I had with these is that I needed them in black and accidentally ordered them in white . 
Since they were only a couple bucks it seemed pointless to return them if I had to pay for shipping and handling so I'm keeping them . 
Other than my own stupidity they're great ! 
These are an OK value for the price , but they only lasted 3 or 4 wearings before they ran . 
They don't stay up very well - - a common problem with this type of stocking - - but can easily be used with a garter ( which is a sexier look in any case ) . 
I won't order again , but I recommend this seller for inexpensive lingerie that does not need to be too durable . 
I'm 5 ' 7 , 122 lbs , and I can't wear these with most dresses because they don't come up high enough . 
But if you're short , these are great . 
I've worn these a few times and still don't have any runs in them ; however , they have tons of little snags . 
You can tell they are cheaper material . 
They don't have that smoothness to them . 
Good price , cheaply made they ripped when I tried to take them off . 
I love that I don't have to mess with these at all when I wear them . 
I was asked to get some fishnets . 
Anyhow , I figured plus size would work . 
They did . 
I wore them with garters and a garter belt . 
The only thing I don't like is that they are the loose knit , not stretchy kind ... so I can see them losing shape if you don't tend to them by handwashing periodically . 
Creeps up my back and the hooks don't stay hooked that well . 
If you order it anyway , I would suggest going down a size . 
This is a " sleep leisure " bra , so I wasn't expecting a push-up , but it might be a little too comfortable and relaxed with the fit if you've got a large chest . 
I returned and ordered the next size up and it was actually still a bit snug , but workable . 
I'd take that into consideration when buying and , if you are busty like me , you might want to go a different direction . 
I'm always looking for a comfortable bra to wear during endless hours working from home at my computer . 
This bra seemed like a great idea to avoid back hooks that get very uncomfortable . 
Unfortunately this was not my answer . I gave this bra 2 stars because of sizing and design flaws.Sizing : This bra runs exceptionally small in every dimension . 
The C / DDD cup would fit someone with a full B or average C cup but never anyone in the D range . 
The 40 band width might fit a 36 person . 
The straps do not adjust and they were also too short ( I'm 5 ' 8 " tall and have a long torso so the straps might work on an average build ) . Design : The darts which are longer than they should be ending above where they should ( look closely at model in photo ) , and the seam they create would rub in sensitive places.The material is soft which is nice , but you need extra patience in order to try to get this many hooks fastened.The quest for this type bra that actually might fit continues ... 
If I seem angry , I am . 
Leisure ? ? ? 
No . 
I bought this to hang around the house when company comes over . 
Forget it . 
Braless it is . 
Isn't that the line you are in ? ? ? 
Big Boobs ? I ordered two ... and the Black bra is going to get the same review . 
I had a little surgery right under my right breast line and can't now where underwire bras so this product is excellent . 
No rubbing when incision is and is light weight and breathable . 
I received this bra today , and was eager to at least try it on . 
It feels like it's a 40 or 42 . 
I've had bras that do that and this one feels like it will do it , but it hasn't done it so far , so maybe it's just me . 
I nicked it a little and pulled out some of the thread with my ring . 
I just took a lighter and burnt the thread down . 
Overall , it is a fairly decent bra , it is comfy and pretty stretchy , just don't get anything around it that may get a hold of the threads in it . 
These don't provide much support to a large chest but enough for around the house and sleeping . 
I have bought them several times . 
I hope the problem with this bra is that the one I received was sized incorrectly . 
I am returning it . 
Purchased for my mother who recently had shoulder surgery . 
This is a very nice and cumfy non-formal bra to wear at home or while going for a quick ride in the car . 
I ordered several more after getting the first one . 
No itching , no sticking , no putting dents in the shoulders.It ' s a great product . 
Pretty bras , but their sizing is way off . 
I hate a regular bra . 
I would recommend this bra to anyone that is tired of fighting the straps from a regular bra . 
It just isn't very supportive . 
It is very hard finding bras in the size I need , so I wish someone would make a bra exactly like this only more supportive . 
Got it for those " hang around the house in a sweatshirt " days . 
This bra is as close as it comes to being the best answer to that problem . 
the bra is very comforted . 
but it doesn't have the support you need in a bra maybe if you are small . 
otherwise like the bra . 
thank you 
There are no strap adjustments , so for heavy breasts ( DD cup and up ) the back tends to pull up . 
I especially like that the size comes in EFG size so cup size fit . 
Just a suggestion if you really plan to use as a sleep bra you may want to order a size up if don't like to wear bras to bed . 
I really like this bra but the hooks are difficult to line up since both material and hooks are black so difficult to see . 
First let me say that I absolutely LOVE this bra and recommend it . 
However , BUY IT TWO SIZES LARGER THAN YOU WEAR . 
I normally wear a 36KK per professional measurements . 
I don't care to spend $ 60 - $ 80 on a single bra though so I usually just buy a 38-40 DDD in a specific Bali minimizer and it's fine . 
My boobs seep out the bottom a bit but that's kind of how minimizers work anyway . 
I'm getting older and the wiring has begun to bother me so I've been trying out different wireless bras . 
I ordered a 40F / G / H and it fits nicely , but a bit snug . 
I don't like a tight band so in the future I will buy a 42F / G / H . 
I found the fabric to be soft and comfortable but not at all flimsy . 
Really cute , fits great except a tinge too small under the bust , I usually wear 44 d or dd . 
Would definitely buy again 
However , that stretchiness came in really handy for keeping ice packs in place the first few days . 
Did everything I expected it to do . 
Wacoal is one of my go-to manufacturers of undergarments . 
I sometimes will forgo comfort for design , but why do that when you don't need to ? 
I have many models , but I bought this one specifically to wear under compression tops like spandex tanks , T-shirts etc . 
This bra really keeps you in place . 
What I especially like about Wacoal is that they don't just make a model in every size . 
They modify the bra depending on the support needed . 
It is all about support . 
I like the models that have side stays . 
This bra has an underwire that goes all the way around the bust , underneath and side . 
I have made purchases for the right bra for a long time . 
The first time I tried this on , I knew it was for me . 
I am the type to NEVER sleep in a bra because it's uncomfortable . 
This bra doesn't bother me at all and I can sleep in it with no problems . 
I highly recommend you give this a try ... you won't be disappointed . 
Looks very nice . 
The fit is why I expected . 
It is a very well made bra . 
I really , really wanted to love this bra . 
It shipped quickly and when I opened it up the product seemed to be of the usual high quality that comes with a Wacoal bra . 
But when I went to try it on it was far too small for me . 
I usually wear a 38DD and that is what I ordered . 
But this fit like a 34DD . 
I sadly went out of town and missed the opportunity to return it so I'll hope that I lose a bit of weight and it will one day fit because it seems like a really good bra , just make sure you order up a size or two . 
How could they promise no panty lines when these panties show the worst panty lines I've ever had in any panties I've worn ? 
The material is soft , yet stretchy . 
I will be ordering more of these briefs . 
High quality product at a good price . 
Recommended product . 
I use them every time I go for a run . 
They dry fast when they get sweaty . 
These panties move with you and don't torture you the whole day . 
There is nothing more to say . 
While I expect these would fit ( based on my experience with other Jockey undies ) , I did not try them on , as I don't like the looks of them . 
The panties are skimpy and the material is flimsy . 
I have worn this brand forever they are the perfect fit and are invisible under clothes . 
I have tried at least 3 different no line panties all of which have lines somewhere . 
What is that about . 
I have been trying to find a comfy pantie that wasn't too tight on the waist . 
Here it is ! 
I'm so glad I tried one of these . 
I dont know how this bra does it but it makes your nips point up .. yeah up like if they were trying to look at you 0 . o did not like it at all .. besides that it dies seem to be sturdy and well made .. the color is pretty but unless your nips are pointing to the floor this bra does not have a flattering effect . 
Very Disappointed ! ! ! 
Returned ... Lace wasn't soft , so definantly uncomfortable . 
. 
. 
Best description I could come up with . 
What a mistake I have made . 
The material is rough and uncomfortable to wear . 
Don't know where or what kind of a material 
The size was exact . 
The construction is what I expected from Bali . 
I have many Bali bras and have never been disappointed . 
This one is no exception . 
I'm happy enough with it and that I went back and bought another one just like it . 
I'm a weird size ( 32DD ) so I have a hard time finding comfortable bras that are pretty and fit properly . 
around the rib cage . 
I hate shopping so was very pleased with the outcome of my online shopping . 
! 
I really like the nylon panties with a cotton crotch . 
The cotton panties tend to cling to my slacks and get pulled up with them .. With nylon , my slacks slide right on . 
These briefs are overall a bit large , the rise is to high for me ( I am 5 ' 5 " ) and the fabric is more light weight than I would like . 
They are as expected in terms of quality and material , but they run a bit large . 
I needed to reorder at a smaller size than normal . 
Vanity Fair is my favorite source for women's briefs , I am never disappointed . 
They are just well fitting , easy-care panties that wash and hold up well . 
Just they way I like them . 
I have been wearing VF's for a long time . 
Fit just right in all areas . 
I wear a large or XL in Misses sizes . 
Now , if they have cuter colors and patterns ... 
But that ended in the 70s . 
These are the closest things I have found to those since that time . 
I love the lack of elastic on the let openings . 
I would order them a size smaller than you usually would . 
Generous in the material . 
. 
. 
If you like your bras on one of the inner hooks , measure your ribs where your bra sits and add 4 to the number - if you only add 2 you will be wearing it on the outermost set of hooks . I'm a 40H - I ordered a 42G and it fits very well - though I prefer to have at least 1 extra set of hooks that are looser than what I use just in case.Would I order it again ? 
Yes.Would I probably pick a 44G instead of a 42G having tried this bra ? 
Unless I lose some weight in the near future , yes . 
I don't usually care much for bras that I bought on line , but this is certainly the exception . 
I would recommend this bra and will buy it again . 
I've ordered several styles by several companies including Playtex and the cups are always too big , sometimes by a lot , sometimes by a little . 
I would recommend it . 
I ordered the wrong size in the product and didn't bother returning . 
will reorder in my correct size in the future 
Almost perfect except that the shoulders feel the pain and indentation from this bra . 
The support is excellent and like the make , but your shoulders pay the price . 
I like the fit that this gives plus the fact that it is wire free . 
Wire free AND double support AND no seams . 
These features make it hard to find a nice bra any more 
I ordered one then bought two more and will buy more . 
I really like this bra . 
For it being a double support bra it didn't feel like it was supporting enough . 
The girls still sagged even when I had the straps set to the highest setting to lift them . 
Their ok though . 
The bra is well made and probably would last a long time , but the sizing on it seems off from other Bali bras . 
I have been wearing Bali bras for quite a few years and love them , but they have discontinued the one that I have been wearing and I have been looking for something similar , thought this might be it , but it's not . 
This bra would probably work better for a larger breasted woman , has wider straps both for shoulder and the back and the cups seems cut for larger breasts . 
Had to send this one back , will keep looking . 
I adjust them in the morning as I put it on and they stay up for most of the day . 
They tend to stretch as the day goes on , but that is to be expected . 
I will be ordering more as my other bras die . 
Size 38D . 
I guess that is because I am generously endowed . 
I had high hopes but this is too small for my cups . 
Good material , good quality item . 
Recommend for average cups . 
These are very pretty , however I chose to rate them 3 stars because they are very very shear . I feel like they will tear really fast . 
I have heavy thighs and these fit perfectly . 
They were an accessory to an out fit that he was very pleased with . 
I almost didn't buy this pair because of the reviewers that claim to have received blisters from these particular thigh-highs : If you're allergic to silicone , don't wear these ! 
I'm so glad I didn't listen to the reviews , because these are absolutely perfect.PRE - NOTE : I am 5 ' 0 , 98lbs , with medium / average-sized thighs . 1 . 
The fit for A / B is JUST RIGHT ( bottom of lace hits just above the mid line of my thigh ) - if you're much taller than me or have large thighs , I would get the next size up . 2 . 
The lace and sheerness of the thigh-highs are just like in the picture , extremely flattering ! 3 . 
I think that says something . 4 . 
NO sausage effect ! 
Woohoo ! 6 . 
I would order these again and recommend them in a heartbeat . 
(: 
These stockings in the queen 1 are awesome . 
They come right up to the top of your butt cheek which is so much sexier than when they stop mid thigh and cut into your curves . 
The silicone does eventually break apart and peel off but only after you've nearly worn them out anyway . 
Besides Wolford's which are like 75 bucks each these are the best for your money . 
I bought several pairs . 
I think they last a few times with hand washing . 
Good price of the product ! 
i think i have these nylon pantyhose in the reinforced toe pantyhose too . 
i usually wear no nonsense pantyhose and nylons but i like hanes pantyhose also , i own several pairs of these pantyhose , they seem to last as long as my other pantyhose . 
Not really sure what color to try next . 
They also got a run the first time I put them on . 
I'm so careful when putting these on as I put a run in one pair the first time I put them on . 
No sagging whatsoever , even after wearing for 8 + hours . 
ive been wearing hanes pantyhose only recently , i prefer no nonsense pantyhose for my daily wear . 
I'm very small and very pale , so it has been difficult for me to find hosiery at an affordable price . 
I wear hosiery most days of the week and I am a bit hard on them , but they typically hold up pretty well . 
With handwashing and drip drying , a single pair can last 3-4 weeks . 
I had never tried support socks before and bought these to keep the blood flowing while traveling . 
I find these to be quite energizing . 
My legs do not get tired even after hours on my feet and they made my twitchy , achy legs on long airplane flights not be a problem . 
They are very well built and I feel like I have a sock that will last for years . 
They are great for walking around the house with no shoes . 
Their elastic around the calf is well made and I have yet to have a pair start to get loose on me . 
These have come in mighty handy in this especially cold winter . 
They are roomy and don't itche , nor have they shrunk when washed in cold water in the machine 
I purchased quite a few socks to try out for hiking . 
Wigwam has made improvements over old model socks by reenforcing the easily worn spots . 
They don't smell after being worn all day and they keep your feet as dry as your shoes will allow . 
Get a few pairs ! Also , I like how these are made in USA . 
I've always bought Wigwam.Cold feet - so I buy these for winter.Thin enough to fit in all my shoes / bootsyet thick enough for warm cushion . 
I cant say I where these every day . 
I save them for long hikes or days out in the woods where I may need some great socks . 
Socks that keep my feet dry . 
Tried 2 other brands of hiking socks after purchasing these to save money and regretted it . 
Pay the price and enjoy these socks . 
My feet love these ! 
I have around ten pairs . 
I'm not the guy who spends this much on 1 pair of sox but these are some pretty sturdy , comfy , well fitting toe wraps right here - little tight at the top to start but after a few miles it felt like I had put a new pair of sole replacements in my bootsWent on YouTube to get their input and these puppies rated very high and well deserved.Tough while making every step comfortable - warm without weight and bulk - " no sweat " technology is really what it says it is - ( no more stinky feet by the campfire attracting bugs ) - glad I did the research and glad I pushed the button on this purchase - high quality , heavy duty , stylish , comfortable , warm , good selection , good vendorMy dogs are not barkin after puttin on these puppies 5 stars and 2 thumbs up 
Wow ! 
I really like the way these socks feel . 
They feel like they will last for a long time . 
Stretchy . 
No bunching . 
No complaints , but pricey . 
Not a heavy or a thick sock . 
Buy XL if your foot is 11 + . 
these are really nice socks and i recommend splurging on a few pairs specifically for hiking . 
my feet stay dry and comfortable throughout the hike . 
I've been trying to find a pair of trail running socks , but most everything I've seen or tested is at both ends of the spectrum - either too thick and tall , or too thin and short . 
Although they are called Hiking / Outdoor Socks , I would not consider them trail running . 
Still , I can't fault them for hiking because they are quality made and feel good in hiking shoes / boots . 
You know what you are getting with Levis . 
Look feel and fit are all as expected . 
He gets the same ones very time without trying them on . 
Why do I have to try every pair on in my size to find the one that fits ? ! 
Some are big , some shorter or longer ... 
I don't like the very thin material on these 505 jeans . 
I don't think they will be very durable because of it , and I don't recommend for that reason . 
Really nice to see Levi branching out to offer additional jeans colors and fabrics . 
The fit is good and the way these drape down the legs is identical to the ubiqutous blue jean cousin . 
I plan to wear these to the office on ' casual days ' instead of the blue jean uniform of others . 
so I bought 2 pairs of 505 ' s to try . 
they look like they have been ' painted on ' me . 
they fit very tight , but I can move and squat in them . 
I am 5 ' 9 " and 170 . 
I could go to any store , and pick up a pair with the 505 label , waist 33 , and length 32 , and have them fit just like every other pair I own . 
However , Levi has decided to re-shape these , but to retain the same 505 label . 
They are now designed for the teenage boy , twenty-something market . 
They sit uncomfortably low , on the hips rather than at the waist . 
They are tighter in the crotch . 
I suppose boys want to show off their " package . " I've spent the past year or so trying to find something to replace to old 505 ' s , but with only limited success . 
These are no longer your father's jeans . 
Too bad for me that I'm still your father . 
I like the new variety of colors , very good color.Good jeans at a reasonable price overall.Expected better finish from levis . 
Despite they were a little long , this is the kind of jean for every day labor . 
i have only ever used levis since about 2000 ' since i realized that their are no other jeans out their that can hold up and last as long as these can short of getting carhartts . 
very pleased and recommended . 
They fit pretty good and they are good jeans . 
However , they don't last the amount of time I'd expect a pair of jeans should last . 
But they are good and the price is good too . 
But I would have given out a 5th star if I found that the quality of the jeans were they way I remember them from the 70 ' s and 80 ' s ! ! 
Those felt like , you know , the way cars were built back in the 50 ' s and 60 ' s firm / strong / built to last ? ? ? 
Recommended and buy from this seller ; they are GREAT ! ! 
Yes , I don't like that they stopped making regular fit which I used for years . 
I just wish the 505s have a lower waist line . 
I like dark colored jeans , and " Midnight Oil " sounded and looked dark in the description , so I ordered them . 
Also , the price was $ 30 , on sale , so it seemed reasonable to try them . 
However , when I received them , the material was much thinner than the standard " Rigid " 505 ' s that I usually order . 
I suppose the thinner weight might be useful in the heat of summer , but it was not what I was expecting.Update : 4/11 / 2014Having washed these jeans once now , I can confirm my initial impressions . 
This fact should be noted in the product description . 
LOL . 
This represents a change from previously purchased Levis 505 . 
The material these are manufactured from is a lighter weight and the price is about 25 % higher . 
Will wait to see if they hold as well as past purchases . 
I was looking for decent Levi's for a few years and Amazon had them ! ! ! 
I wanted the stiff unwashed jeans because they last quite a few years . 
The pre-washed jeans are VERY comfortable and ready to wear , but I hope they have the same life as the unwashed ( stiff ) Levis . 
The size was the same as my original 505 ' s and fit me well . 
They were a bit expensive at $ 40 vs ( $ 10 - $ 15 ) for Wranglers , but they feel great and wear well . 
The Levi's in the store are sold with holes in them ! ! ! 
I'm 50 + years old and I don't need the holes thanks anyway ! ! 
! 
I agree with several of the posts that said these pants are cut large . 
Despite the fact they are labeled " regular " fit they seem more akin to a " relaxed " fit . 
They are very roomy in the waist and thighs . 
In addition they are very long ( and I am tall , often troubled with pants that are too short ) . 
I was going to return them , but I decided to wash them and see if they would shrink . 
They didn't . 
I recommend this pant and seller . 
It is fitted so i want . 
Is my size , confortable . 
product with good cut.however very quickly loses color after a few washes especially in the front . 
I live in Venezuela and would not be easy trying to return the product for such failures.thanks and regards . 
I hope to correct the details . 
These jeans are awesome . 
I see that there are a lot of negative reviews about how Levi's changed the fit of these jeans ( however long ago ... ) , but I wasn't wearing them back then so I cannot speak to that issue . 
But from what I can tell there shouldn't be any complaints about fit ! 
They are also high quality . 
What else could you want ? 
Them to come with money in the pockets ? 
Well me too but that goes for everything I buy . 
Get a pair , you won't regret it ! 
I like it so much , the color is nice , the material is good , the designer is totally original . I recommended this product 
Casual looking jeans . 
These have the zip fly , and I prefer the button fly . 
These have a slightly looser fit than some other Levis jeans . 
I purchased this as a gift for a hard to fit man . 
He wears them a lots so he likes them . 
I would recommend them to my friends . 
By mistake I ordered these 505s instead of 501s . 
It took a little getting used to having a zipper instead of button fly . 
Over time the buttons have tended to wear the buttonholes on my 501s making them a little loose.These 505s fit just as well as my 501s have fit over many years . 
I'll almost certainly continue to buy Levis for the next 25 years . 
The only question will be : 501 or 505 ? 
phew ... better than going from store to store trying on . 
We bought the size we wanted and it is just as expected . 
we bought 33 x 30 . 
I like the fit . 
This Levi 505 was narrow in the legs so we sent them back . 
We ordered the 550 Levi brand and hopefully they will fit better with a relaxed fit and more comfort . 
I didn't realize these were stretch denim until I had them . 
My husband ( who is on the slender side and very picky ) LOVES these jeans ! 
I've always wanted to buy several Levi's and be brand loyal but over the years the sizing across several styles and denim is simply all over the place . 
Had hopes with this style but again , disappointed . 
Certainly not a brand for those looking to avoid way too skinny or way too baggy jeans . 
Simple straight legged pants that fit as sized on the labeling are extremely hard to come by these days . 
Levi's sizing is so erratic you basically need to try on a dozen pairs across a dozen styles to get remotely close to what might adequately fit . 
Shouldn't be this hard to buy Levi's . 
I would never be without them in my collection of clothes . 
They are most dependable . 
All Levis fit well , problem is going to the store and digging through piles and piles of them to find they are all out of my size . 
Amazon solves that problem , send my size to the door please , thank you . 
These are Levis ! 
Never disappointed in Levi's jeans . 
I was on a mission to find a good solid pair of jeans and I didn ' t mind spending some money either . 
I bought it for my son for school uniform , it really is very good product , very good quality , excellent buy 
I've always been a fan of Levi's jeans , for me they always fit great and wear well.These jeans are made in Mexico , which is better than the last pairs I bought several years back that were made in Bangladesh.This fabric is a lot thicker as well , so they are fairly stiff at first but should loosen up after a little wear.Plenty of room as well so no pinching of sensitive areas ! 
These Levi's are very durable . 
The material is classic denim and the fit is straight leg with a medium fit waist . 
The price was great too , you get what you pay for really . 
I have worn Levi's 505s since high school until now and probably will into retirement . 
The quality is better than jeans costing more and superior and heavier than those costing less . 
You can frequently find them discounted . 
I have retired or given them away when I gained or lost weight . 
I dropped 2 inches recently in my waist and had to buy several pairs . 
I have tried other Levi's but 505s fit me best . 
I am 6 ft 3 and weigh about 200 pounds . 
It's the best have never found another that comes close . 
I hope this bra is never discontinued . 
... and am glad I did go in to get properly fitted . 
But finding this identical bra here on Amazon at less than half the price was a bonus . 
Highly recommend getting fitted for this particular bra first . 
But when I tried on the 44ddd of this Wacoal it did not feel secure , so maybe the short length has something to do with the stretch of the material . 
It didn't seem a lot stretchier than my Champion though . 
I have owned other Wacoal bras and this one was too tight on the shoulder straps other than that it was okay . 
I just recently received my waist cincher ( medium ) it's the first corset-like product that I will be using after gaining some weight and being limited as to what I can do as far as Exercise goes which is almost non-existent . 
Also some people said not to go by the chart well I looked at it and was between numbers so I went with the higher NO . 
From what I can tell it holds you in well and I really like it a lot , I now know where to go for these type of products and Highly Recommend ! 
Next time I order , I will size down as it is not snug enough for my taste . 
Remember to buy cincher by waist measurement . 
I would recommend this cincher to any lady who wants to nip her waist down a couple of inches . 
:) Seriously though , it's a tight fit and may take some wear to shape to your body . 
But , I purchased two cinchers and this one fits exactly as expected . 
I bought this several years ago and am now ordering a second one . 
Just so you know at first you will think it is too small but once you hook it up it fits snug but comfy . 
Well worth the $ 30 I spent . 
I have it in black , in extra small . 
I call it my winter weight lol . 
This does work as expected but the material is very stiff and is not as comfortable as I would like it be . 
A very pretty bra . 
It has a good fit I think because of the three sections to the cup . 
Overall I think this is a great black bra and fits very well . 
Wish it came in pretty colors 
Looks great . 
Feels solid / durable . 
Nice amount of space and doesn't take up too much or weight you down unnecessarily . 
I bought this Dopp kit for a girl friend who wanted a traveling toiletry bag . 
If you are thinking about maybe purchasing this , do not hesitate ! 
It is so cute for a man or woman and looks like a far more expensive bag then it is . 
I wouldn't even look at anything else ever again , and I searched alot for good cotton underwear . 
Cheaply made , not much weight to it at all . 
Maybe I am used to my other bras with more fabric to them 
I do like Maidenform , but I have noticed that their bras tend to run smaller . 
This did not provide as much coverage as I would have liked . 
No lines . 
I am a 32 D which is very hard to find . 
This style / brand carried my size and upon arriving I noticed the fit is fabulous . 
Very supportive , I highly recommend this product . 
The price is unbelievably low for the high quality . 
An uncomfortable bra is like ill-fitting shoes and makes me cranky . 
I had purchased this size / style in a store so I knew it would fit . 
In general , I think the cup might run a little small . 
The thing I like is that the padding is thick enough that no one can tell when you're " cold " when wearing a think t-shirt , yet I don't feel overstuffed . 
This bra is also smooth looking underneath sweaters . 
If you have to wear a bra at least wear this one and be confident and comfortable in all your clothes . 
The cups are still very smooth , no weird wrinkles or anything ! 
If you are looking for a quality bra that is lightly padded and virtually invisible in clothing , this is the one to get . 
They are great quality , and I've found they hold up twice as long or more than a Victoria secret bra . 
The bra is pretty but does not provide any type of lift . 
I am 5 ' 1 " , 140 and this bra added nothing to support - but it is pretty ! 
If you do not need and / or want extra padding , I recommend this bra . 
Like the fact that it is not too visible under tops , pleased with this purchase . 
I've tried so many different brands and accidently found this one . 
Looks really good . 
I have several colours of this bra . 
Wish they had more colors in his size . 
I hate skinny jeans ! 
I wear boot-cut jeans exclusively ; probably because I usually wear boots ! 
love the cut and fit of Levis bootcut ... skinny and tight above the knee , but masculine and flared out at the bottom to accommodate boots . 
Don't get me wrong , I will wear regular sneakers and flipflops too , all look good with these jeans . 
These jeans fit well and the fabric is a little thicker than my other Levi's . 
The longer lasting type of Levi's , boot cut is fine . 
They sit high on your waste and the 527 ' s sit lower . 
Got both , these will probably last longer Price is about the same as in stores if you can find them . 
This has to be a knock off . 
I've worn K Swiss shoes for as long AS I can remember . 
This is my first attempt at buying them online . 
They are so uncomfortable ! 
Like walking on 2x4 ' s . 
They are super heavy and bulky . 
Save your money and buy them at the store to make sure it's a real K Swiss shoe because this shoe is terrible ! ! ! 
! 
I'v had 5 pairs of these shoes . 
I work at a hospital the floors are hard and this puts some padding between the bottom of my foot and the hard floors . 
Normally mediums leave me a lot of room . 
This shirt is long from neck to hem , so this would be great for tucking in , but looks just fine if you leave it untucked . 
Very comfotable , and at a medium-to-thick weight . 
During Summer it might be too heavy , but elsewise it's great . 
Item came in as expected , nothing was damaged . 
Relaxing to wear around the house and outside . 
My only issue which doesn't stop me from rating it a 5 out of 5 is that I would've liked the sleeve to hug the shoulder better . 
Overall great product . 
Girdles are meant to be tight not loose . 
After wearing it for probably 6 hours I took it off only to find that it had formed a crease below my new belly button , and my scars on the side , where the incision ruffles , were more ruffled looking than normal . 
I'm 5 ' 4 " and 170 ( and losing ! ! ) 
I was nervous at first , because it didn't seem like it would fit , but once I got it on , it fit great ! 
No struggle to get on either . 
I pulled my dress on over it and Voila ! 
The hour-glass shape I was looking for ! ! 
I kept it on through the evening last night to see how it felt as it settled on my body , and it doesn't seem to shift . 
There is a slight amount of rolling on the top , but its really not bad . 
I'm very pleased with this undergarment ! 
! 
I am really happy with the fit of this cincher . 
the materiel is light weight and feels nice . 
this product is well made . 
It really works as far as holding in your waist and improving your posture . 
a t-shirt or a tank ) I won't be able to wear this under any fitted dresses ... oh well , I will continue to wear it for at least 8 hrs a day , 5 days a week and see if I get the results that others have stated they got . 
Ok I'm making a re reveiw becuase one of the seams riped and the wire came out after one wash .. 
Very disappointed . 
After reading all the reviews posted here , and considering the sizing guidelines , I ordered an XL of this waist cincher . 
I have no difficulty at all putting this on - it hooked up quickly with no real pulling or struggle required . 
In hindsight , I should have ordered a L , instead . 
At some point , after I lose a few more pounds , I will probably dig deep and order the smaller size . 
But overall , I am pleased with my purchase . 
Worked just fine for the occasion , but I would rather have the top of the stockings be visible since they're quite pretty . 
For reference , I'm 5 ' 1 " . 
I thought I needed a garter to hold them up but they stay up perfectly on my thighs 
She said they fit well . 
Would buy again . 
I have bought Leg Avenue tights and knee high stockings before in the past , but never thigh highs . 
After a full night of wearing them , I had no problems with them sliding down or having to pull them up.They ARE thin , so be careful to not snag them on anything or pull on them real tight ( causing runs ) . 
To be honest , though .. that applies to almost all tights / stocking . 
I am 5 ' 7 " , wearing a size 8 in shoes , and they went all the way up on my thighs . 
I could have pulled them up higher , but if I was going to do that then I would have been better off buying tights.They look great , feel soft , and fit like a glove . 
I plan on ordering the other colors to match a few bustier sets I had bought . 
They don't look to bad paired with the right skirt , either . 
They fit around my thighs comfortably and they held up for an entire night of dancing at EDC Vegas without slipping ! 
I wore them to my fiance's work party and received many compliments for brining back this vintage style . 
You WILL need a garter belt , obviously , to wear them . 
Ladies , I can only hope that you will like to wear this as much as your man will enjoy seeing you in it . 
I mean how excited can you get about underwear , but if I were to get excited it would be about these . 
I only buy Hanky Pankys . 
giving it five stars is suitable to this Skagen series . 
black is the best 
These Skagen watches are well priced for what you get.the movement is a standard cheap Japanese Quartz.The stainless steel will flake away and will leavesome what dull metal exposed.Having said that , it is a good looking short term watchwhich will probably look for about 6 months with regular use . 
Sadly this watch looks cheap and is cheap in person . 
I returned it . 
Maybe it isn't a good idea to buy jewelry like this over the internet . 
This bra pokes you in the armpits . 
I usually buy Elomi , mostly because it's the easiest to find in my area , but I thought I'd go out on a limb because this bra gets good reviews . 
I would not buy this brand again . 
My only complaint , and the reason for 4 stars is that the straps can't be adjusted very much . 
Right now as it is I'm at maximum shortening of the straps , so as I wear it and it stretches I can see some adjustments in my future . 
Nothing my sewing machine can't fix though . 
All in all I'd recommend to someone like me whose been searching for a comfortable yet pretty bra for their girls ( I'm 32GG ) . 
The fabric was stiff and scratchy . 
The band was a little small and the cups were way too small and cut into my breasts making ugly bulges . 
If you need good support , and are tired of the heavy , unfashionable bras generally available , try Panache . 
Through some engineering miracle , support meets fashion meets whisks of embroidery and I now have a full collection of Panache's assortment . 
I really like this bra for normal use under light-colored tops . 
However , great for most days and I feel pretty wearing it ! 
seemed like a good quality though 
The cups fit as expected . 
But for me the underwire digs in to my arm pits and I don't like that but what can I do . 
It bunched up a little near the middle , but not enough that a smaller cup size would have fit . 
I think this is probably a great bra for some people , but just didn't fit me right . 
Therefore i need wide underwires so that i dont get stabbed in the armpit and have awful sideboob . 
This would work for someone with less body fat , or breasts with narrower roots than mine . 
I had to go with Elomi and Goddess brand as those are shaped better for plus size women . 
I got this product because I needed something that was comfortable , considering I would be wearing it all day . 
The price was better than I had seen at local stores . 
I BOUGHT THIS BRA FOR MY DAUGHTER WHO JUST HAD A BABY . 
HAVING TO NURSE A NEWBORN EVERY 2 HRS IS NO PROBLEM WITH THIS BRA BECAUSE ITS VERY VERY COMFORTABLE SHE SAYS AND THAT ITS SOFT AND WASHES EASY . 
SHE DOES RECCONMEND THIS BRA TO OTHER NEW MOMS . 
ONCE AGAIN , THANK YOU , THANK YOU , THANK YOU FROM MY DAUGHTER AND ME . 
Fit very well . 
Just a bit pricey 
The band under the underwire tends to fold . 
I'm looking for a sports bra that gives me really good separation of my breasts . 
I'm anti-uniboob ! 
I wish someone would find one that doesn't cost a fortune and let me know . 
I'm usually a 34 C . I tried that and it was * way * too small in the cups , really smooshed me together . 
Now I have a 34 D . It's a better fit , and it mostly separates . 
I have a very high arch and narrow foot so it can be a challenge to find a snug enough fit . 
The arch is superior to any Reef sandal I've tried . 
I don't suggest that this sandal is only for narrow feet . 
Through repeated wearings they have grown much looser on my foot , but that is what I have grown to expect considering most sandals are made for and average size feet . 
KEEN Men's Newport H2 Sandal , Raven / Aluminum , 11.5 M US - These shoes are AWESOME . 
We have been KEEN fans for years , unfortunately KEEN's do not come in extra wide widths , so i could not wear them however i kept them because someone else was able to wear them and i know what a good shoe this is . 
But if weather is non humid , go for it . 
We were going to be hiking and on the beaches of some pretty rocky areas . 
He didn't have any problems with rocks in his shoes like I did . 
I had Chaco's on . 
I've recently ( last 30 days ) bought three pair of KEEN shoes . 
All conventionall leather upper casual shoes . 
I just didn't like the way these fit Soooooooo I'm returning them . 
My husband was the first to buy Keens and convinced my daughter and I to wear them as well . 
I have their hiking boots and some other shoes . 
I have extra wide ( 4E ) feet and these are fantastic . 
Some of the reviews had already said that , but I went ahead and bought the size I always do . 
Don't get me wrong ... I could fit my fit in , and I LOVE the shoe ... I just should have listened and bought an 11 and not a 10.5 . 
! 
Ordered size 11 . 
Fit was too small sent back but kept the CX Sandle and the Arroyo II even thought the Arroyo was a bit too large . 
He put them on and immediately commented on how nice they felt on his feet . 
He wears a size 9M and the size 9M fit him just right . 
The only problem is that it says waterproof ? 
but where ? 
So I recommend buying the Keen sandals . 
Eder 
I like these sandals very much . 
Though they are a little tight near the top of my foot , my feet do get sweaty , and a little pricey . 
These sandals have been everywhere with me - - - to Indonesia , to India , to Jamaica and Bahamas and all over the Mid-Atlantic States . 
I really like the durable sole and the webbing construction around the foot , keeps the sandal firmly on but breathable . 
My one complaint is that some of the back stitching has come away , but I guess that is to be expected if I wear these things so damn much . 
I plan on getting a new pair this spring . 
I bought this for my colleague , she really loves Kipling , and this wallet has enough room for all her stuff . 
it looks grate . 
and the price is right . 
just as expected . 
If you have a short rise or are a little butt challenged order a size smaller . 
I used the sizing guide and these come to my belly button and are a little saggy in the back . 
You can see a little a line if wearing spandex . 
I would not order these again . 
Now that I have been been doing more comparison shopping , I can do better on price with brands that fit better , like Calvin Klein , etc . 
Anyway , I cannot begin to tell you how much I fell in love with them ! 
When I first took them out of the package , they looked very small , but they felt so amazingly soft and silky it was unreal . 
They are 90 % TACTEL Nylon and 10 % Lycra Spandex material and feel like butter ! 
I have never felt anything like it ! 
Trying them on they stretched on very easily and like clung to me like magic ! 
They fit like a glove ! 
So I decided to put them to the test , I Put on my tightest leggings , which are yellow , they show everything . 
I then was modeling them in my full-length mirror . 
So , yes Jockey kept their promise , No Panty Line . 
Now that I know how they fit and feel , I would have paid any price for them ! 
Well see how they hold up , I plan on hand cold washing a drip-drying them too . 
You have to try them , but you might want to shop around , to find the best price on them , and / or you can ask me where I bought mine . 
I highlly recommend this product 
It carries more than you would think and the straps are durable . 
It did come with a weird smell but it fades .. 
I have flat feet and consequently finding running shoes with adequate support with cushion is pretty hard . 
I bought a pair of Asics and added these insoles and VOILA fabulous . I had shoes that were like walking on clouds with the perfect amount of support for my feet . 
They are worth every penny . 
I have to say that I have bought several kinds of visors on Amazon and these are my " GO-TO " visors . 
Shipped quickly and arrives in good shape , looks great , can easily be kept behind my car seat for when I need it , it doesn't hurt my head AND most of all , the skinny sides don't ruin my short hairstyle when I take it off or put it on ! 
I'm on my 3rd one ... they are really comfy and useful in the hot California sun and wind ! 
(o: 
I like his visor . 
It wraps pretty far around your head which is why it doesn't hurt when you wear it . 
This BDU shirt doesn't exactly fit like a 5x , more like a 4x and it's a little thinner than I thought it would be . 
Seems like the shirt is good to wear just for looks but doesn't feel like it would hold up to any heavy usage . 
It's okay . 
The only thing missing from this is the so-called " epaulettes " usually present on the shoulders . 
Apart from that this fits better than any other BDU I've had on before . 
This is my second casio watch and I like my purchase . 
It is pretty much unisex , I had no qualms using it . 
My wrist are thin , and this watch looks great . 
Finally , finally , finally a strapless bra that is still where I put it on when I take it off as long as 9 - 10 hours later . 
I have never owned a strapless bra that did not , quickly or within 2 hours end up at my waistline unless I was continually tugging , pulling and wiggling it up to where it was meant to be . 
It does not slide sideways either , I have had some that actually turned sideways unless I cinched them up to the point that breathing was a difficulty . 
Wash in cold water and hang up to dry . 
I was a little disappointed with this bra . 
I ordered the size I normally wear , but it is so tight , it's uncomfortable and flattens me out . 
If I were ordering it again , I would go up to a 36 . 
Thinking about investing in some extenders , since I paid a good price for the bra . 
It doesn't make you feel like your ribcage is getting squished yet gives a good amount of support . 
Mind you , it's not a push-up bra , but it's not supposed to be . 
NO , they are NOT on the wrong feet . 
Yep ! 
Both shoes were on the correct feet . 
Will we buy others ? 
I bought this shirt to wear while doing yard work . 
I hate yard work , but I like this shirt . 
I WORK CONSTRUCTION AND THESE SHIRTS HOLD UP . 
IT IS WHAT I EXPECTED AND IAM VERY SATISFIED . 
I needed this for my job which requires black or white shirt and I needed long sleeves to cover my tattoos . 
I can't say that about most XL button downs I have with long sleeves . 
I can actually wear a large but I like my work shirts a bit loose so I can move around better without untucking the thing . 
It is long so stays tucked in pretty good . 
For wearing untucked it's a bit long but okay enough . 
I will order more of these just to wear to go to dog park , or even go out swing dancing watching my friend's rockabilly bands . 
they are plain enough to be worn with anything , not too dressy , not too casual . 
i got the short sleeve shirts in med . 
they fit great but the long sleeves seem to be a little bigger around the body . 
i will try washing it and see if it shrinks if not then i guess this will become a camping shirtalso remember not to get the brown color or else you will look like a UPS delivery guy lol ! 
! 
I don't really know whether its me or the cutting cos its just a little too big for me . 
Maybe i'll order a size smaller the next time round i guess ? 
. 
. 
Like all of Dickie's clothes this is of great quality and at an affordable price , It seems to me that Dickie's Work Shirt's do run a bit tight So I always buy a size bigger . 
I hope this was helpful ! 
My guy normally wears an XL , but this was huge on him . 
I would say order at least a size smaller than normal . 
The pocket flaps and collar don't get all rolled up and crappy looking after years of running them through the regular laundry cycle like a lot of cargo pant flaps do.They run large , I wear a XXL t-shirt and a regular XL in these . 
This shirt is airy , loose , comfortable , robust ... Everyone should own one of these Short Sleeve numbers . 
the material is top quality and the workmenship of the garmet seems to be well made so really what more can you ask for in a work shirt . 
He liked it so much , I'm re-ordering more . 
It has several pockets that button and it's extra long which is great because he is tall . 
Good buy ! 
Very versatile . 
Dress it up or down , No problem ! 
My husband is a chemist - gets really dirty . 
Dickies makes a really good quality product - very durable . 
Nice and long , too . 
My favorite shirts . 
Never had an issue with one . 
i read reviews here saying that buyers should get a size smaller so i did get a small size instead of my M size and i couldnt even get into these shirts . 
Ideal . 
Wrinkles just hang out of the shirt . 
Smooth finish , long tail , comfortable to wear , two pockets ( which is what I really needed ) 
Maybe that is because I am a guy . 
I have ordered several of these shirts for my husband , he wont hardly wear anything but dickie , . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
Really don't have much to add other than that these shirts are actually comfortable enough for casual wear as well . 
I will echo the sentiment that unless you like swimming in your clothes get the smallest size that will fit you comfortably . 
The price is a bit high , as you can get this at Walmart for much less , but I have found that Walmart sells " seconds " or defective material most of the time . 
For work , seconds or defective material is usually not a problem with me ; I just want to let people know , that cheaper in price usually means cheaper in quality.If you are not familiar with this type of fabric , wear an undershirt as you will have " wear spots " in places that you usually don't have with all cotton material . 
The sore spots I'm talking about is your nipples . 
this is a nice shirt the only thing bad about this order was the time it took to get to my home ... just don't expect this right away , but it is worth the wait tho .. 
most department stores go up to a 2x 
Where collar and beard stubble meet is getting pillie and worn after just 2 or 3 wearings . 
Bought these for my boyfriend who is an electrician . 
They have a stiff feel to them which doesn't really soften with multiple washes . 
However , they are durable and have various pockets which is great for him on the job . 
He definitely wants another pair , so we will be purchasing again ! 
Will buy again 
My husband wears these on casual Fridays and when visiting his company workshop . 
They hold up well and have room to move . 
The fabric is stiff at first but softens with time 
product is as described . 
thicker material with re-inforced knee . 
a brand i will trust . 
priced well for the product received . 
washed them wore them to work Friday they are a little too Long but the quality is top notch a great pair of work breeches ! 
Made tough to handle all types of work , a bit stiff when new , just need some breaking in . 
gotta love the double knee's added material and these have nice wide straight construction , so it isn't tight on your ankles so I can wear them with my boots or with my skateboard sneakers without those ugly tight ankle width that gets caught on the tops of your shoes . 
then the next time i was wearing them i was in my car waiting for work and looked down and they were ripped right down the seam . 
i work in an emergency room and my stuff takes a beating , these pants could not hold up i guess . 
I Recommend the wink pants for men , i have had them for 2 months and there is no problem . 
Another thing wrong with these pants is that the draw string dose not stay tight . 
It came to the point that i had to have nothing in my pockets . 
The extra pocket is handy . 
I even wear them with a sport coat for semi-formal occasions . 
Excellent value at this price point . 
I expect they will wear well . 
Durable Dickies . 
Great pants for rugged men and boys . 
We totally buy lots of Dickies clothes . 
I am very slender and was surprised to find how incredibly tightly these pants are cut . 
There are , at least , cheap , but what does that matter if they don't fit . 
I gave mine to Goodwill 
Ah , actually ... 
We wear them while sitting in the shade , feeding the birds , and talking about our ailments . 
These Dickies overalls are great for that purpose ! 
The material is quite durable , without being too heavy.They do come a bit long , but that is because they are meant to be worn with turned-up cuffs . 
All things considered , I highly recommend them ! 
He would recommend them and the seller . 
The quality of material . 
Feels like wearing a tent . 
Its hard and inflexible . 
I had it cut to size . 
Compared to other dickies products in the same size , these overall's run a little more snug around the waist . 
I know they're intended more for work use , but i bought them as a sort of funky / quirky piece to wear around casually . 
I've got pretty normal proportions , but the legs felt like circus tents and the waist was slimmer than expected . 
I wanted to love these as they seemed like a fun idea , but unless you're looking to do some fitting modifications I'd say look elsewhere . 
I bought these bib overalls for my grandson . 
He's a big guy . 
He wears bib overalls to work every day . 
He says they are very well made and a good fit . 
I think Dickies will be his only brand from now on . 
Great for heavy duty work . 
It seems to fit fine . 
I'm 5 ' - 10 " 170 lbs and I got a medium . 
You might want to order one size smaller , originally I ordered an XL , it fit more like an XXL , I returned it and got the L , which fits perfectly . 
it's ok not bad at all , seems to be great quality .. can be a unisex jacket if needed I think , it will serve it's purpose ... 
My husband needed a good rain / winter jacket . 
Had the first rain ( a tenth of an inch ) since I purchased this . 
Also the sleeves are not insulated and the thin nylon lining in the sleeves hangs out of the sleeve after putting it on . 
For the price it is a reasonable purchase . 
I wear it to tend my animals . 
No snags in it so far . 
I hate the sleeves of this jacket and the seems come undone easily . 
Other than that ... A lightweight water resistant outer shell . 
Long lasting and wear well . 
Would recommend . 
Jeans that fit well and actually sit AT the natural waist , these are them . 
So many of the recognizable brands of jeans makers out there are producing product that sit below the natural waist . 
And I think we all know what that translates to when one sits , bends or crouches . 
Frankly , I don't want to see that , and I don't think others do either . 
These are REAL jeans , not those single stitch , thin denim things sold by the people with sail boats on their catalog covers . 
I love them and can tell they will hold up for many years to come . 
They did seem to be a little small though . 
They went through the wash well and would buy again . 
It fits where is expected . 
Thefabric is soft but resistant . 
I have a hard time finding jeans that fit right and aren't baggy in all the wrong places . 
Durable and quality like all Carhartt products . 
I am very impressed so far . 
Just the type Im looking for . 
Normally jeans are either too tight or too baggy . 
I bought W36 and L28 . 
Only if they have size W36 and L26 / 27 . 
I go thru allot of jeans . 
I am always looking for jeans , the knees wear thru quickly , and work says no ripped or torn jeans allowed . 
Carhart is supposed to be the big name in hard working clothes , so I paid the extra money to try some out . 
They fit great , and seem fairly well built , but , the denim is so thin . 
I have bought rustlers from a dept store for less than half the price , that have denim twice as thick and strong . 
So far these have held up , but are showing signs of wear already , I don't see then lasting as long as other jeans I purchased for less money . 
Dickies are cheaper and unless I look at the label I can't tell the difference . 
Both are really thin denim . 
Good as expected . 
Nothing special about them but they are built to last . 
These jeans will be with me for awhile . 
Recommended . 
I usually only purchase named brand jeans but sincethe size I was looking for was not the normal size you find with Jeans , I decided to purchase it . , Very pleased with Carhatt , this is a nice fitting Jeans & soft to the touch , It didn't have the stiff feeling you receive on other Jeans , this is def.the soft fittings Jeans to purchase , price was a little high , wish it was less expensive but since the size was perfect will purchase again Tku Trish :o) 
It took a few tries to get the size right . 
My husband wears a 32 and in these he wore a 34 . 
Order up a size or two ! 
We always joke if there is ever a nuclear war the only thing left will be Carhartt Coats ! 
carhartt is still selling quality clothes . 
I wish I could afford more of these well made shorts . 
I would get them again if they went on sale . 
I have bought Carhartt merchandise before but never bought their shorts . 
Hey , it's Carhartt , so it's quality . 
Duh . 
My moan is just that the color , it didn't quite reflect what I saw online . 
It appears much more orange online , which i liked , however it was more like it's description says ... BURNT SIENNA . 
Guess it deserves a 5th star cuz it's my bad , but , 4 it stays . 
I would get another because it is a great shirt in general . 
I am a tall size wearer and the tail is plenty long . 
A great value for the money . 
These are good rugged tee shirts for men who work outdoors in construction , farming , logging , whatever . 
This is a sharp looking long sleeve T-shirt . 
It launders well , looks good , what more do you want ? 
I like the Carhartt brand . 
Just got him another hunter green one because he used the previous green one for painting . 
They are very sturdy well-made shirts and he really likes the pocket it has . 
He rarely requests specific clothing items but he did for this shirt . 
Very good quality ! 
A high quality product . 
Not an ordinary T Shirt , heavy 100 % cotton , during this cold weather I'm wearing a white T shirt underneath . 
Cuffs have elastic , long length I can tuck in but I wear outside like the model ; great for cool to cold outdoors if you are active you won't need a jacket unless it's really cold . I'm usually a Large 5 ' 11 170 lbs athletic build - wear a 42 Regular suit with 34 " waist athletic build - Medium fits me best but I am slim , if you are larger in the chest and belly then a Large might fit you better.You can find work shirts at stores for half the price , at around $ 20 for a Carhartt you will get a much better product , double stitched every where , washes up real well and will last a long time . 
I try to shop for sales but Carhartt doesn't discount much , so go ahead and pay up for the real deal and you will be glad you did ! Only problem is I wear it all the time , should have followed my wife's advice shoe buying , " if the shirt fits buy it in every color ! " 
Need more bright colors like the orange . 
Yellow would be nice . 
. 
Didn't have any problems with delivery or packaging , he was satisfied with the fit and quality , I recommend 
Very satisfied with this purchase . 
The work shirt with outside pocket is ideal to store things . 
This was used as a Christmas gift and the person I bought it for loves it . 
It fit great and he said he would recommend it to anyone . 
this shirt was very nicely made and the product was of good quality . 
The shirt fit well and has been washed and washed well . 
I would recommend this shirt to anyone interested . 
Bought it for my husband and it looks good , feels good and has a generous fit ! 
kudos , it is going to be one of his ' go to ' shirts ! 
My only complaint is that its a little long and kind of boxy , but that's what the cinch cord is made for . 
Overall it was a good purchase . 
Tapered seems and fully waterproof , it makes rainy days just a little more bearable especially if you're a college student like me that walks to class . 
This item does not fit as well as I would like , they are to loose fitting around the legs and do not me my needs as an active wear undergarment . 
However they do not have a vanity button on the front and I wonder if that might be an improvement considering how loose they are in the front . 
After I bought one pair to try out for a hiking trip , I replaced all of my boxers with these . 
Super comfy . 
its darn expensive but feels great . 
i prefer the briefs because the boxer shorts are really loose you can walk around just in them or else someone will see your pecker or bag . 
really great shorts for the hot and humid weather and for traveling I would recommend this to family or friends they are awful pricey but well worth it . 
So I started CrossFit and quickly found my standard hanes boxers were a no-go . 
They'd rip in a deep squat , they would bunch up very fast ( choking my thighs , bunching up on my butt only getting tighter in the front and baggier in the back as I progressed ) and I started looking on some online CrossFit communities for a better option . 
Enter these boxer briefs ... while I never thought I'd pay 20 $ for a single pair of underwear ... they are well worth every cent . 
I also purchased a similar product made by Adidas and love them both equally . 
Been wearing these under my fishing waders for 2 years now and would never go to another brand . 
In short , I am happy with the product .. 
Here is why I bought them in the first place .. 
I am getting ready to do some traveling . 
I want to go with one bag , as a carry on ... 
I will not be going to any dress up places that I know of , so I can be pretty casual with my clothes .. To get ready , I started browsing the internet looking for info from other travelers who have been " one bag " travelers .. On OneBag.com , I found that this fellow shared a lot of good info , and in that info was his choice of undies .. 
I will be carrying one bag , and will have all my travel stuff in it . 
The bag I will be carrying is sold here , but is an EBAGS.com product . 
It is the Mother Lode TLS Weekender Convertible . 
I think they too will be great ! ! ! 
But , as for the boxers , I wanted undies that were travel friendly .. 
These were supposed to be easy to hand wash in a hotel , and dry fast while hanging in the hotel room , etc .. I ordered the boxers . 
I got the boxers . 
I tried on the boxers .. 
They felt really good .. 
I hand washed the boxers and hung them on a line in my bathroom .. 
The boxers did dry fast .. 
I have since worn them for several days and then hand washed them again .. 
They are very comfy and they do dry fast .. 
I washed them and dried them with some other travel clothes , and most of them dried well enough for my trips .. 
So , yes , these are a good choice if you are trying to do what I will be doing .. 
Traveling .. As a side note , I washed these with an ExOfficio air-strip long sleeved shirt , the lite version . 
It dries amost instantly ! ! ! 
The other things I washed was the Patagonia Boxers .. 
So , yes , when I need some more undies , these are the ones I will get . 
No complaints at all . 
I like that they are a little longer than most . 
Got a couple of pairs of these for my husband and he loves them so much he called them his lucky underwear . 
I decided to buy him enough pairs so he can have on a pair of lucky undies every day ! 
These things rock . 
They're lightweight , anti-microbial , and dry in no time . 
I started wearing these for hiking / backpacking because you can bring 2 pairs and be set for a week . 
I liked them so much that I now wear them 3-4 days a week , even in dress clothes . 
Compared to my adidas climalite boxer briefs , which are quite tight , I can feel like I'm swimming in these . 
I bought a pair for my husband after hearing someone who is a laborer rave about them . 
He works inside so apparently these didn't offer anything special for him that his others didn't . 
Im very happy with my order and I wear these more than any other kind of mens boxer briefs . 
I bought two pair and will buy more . 
They hold up in all the right parts . 
They also have triple stitching around the waist band which other brands don't have and tend to rip after a few wears . 
These hold up great around the waist due to the way their sewn in the waist . 
Okay , did I read the reviews about this u'wear before buying it ? 
Yes . 
I was impressed with all the positive feedback so thought I'd buy hubby a pair just to see if he'd like them . 
Wash and wear , dry in an hour , feel great , no smelly's , so I told him all of that and would you believe he wears them and then washes them out in the sink ! ! ! 
He tosses them over the towel rack to dry . 
Of course , I usually put them away in his drawer so he can find them next time . 
He'd forget where they were ! 
The fit is true to size . 
I will wait until Valentine's Day and then order another pair . 
Definitely more useful than a frilly card or a box of chocolates . 
I did hesitate thinking $ 20 seems like a lot for underwear . 
But after purchasing two pairs I am buying more . 
They are so much much better quality than the Hanes / FOTL cotton type I've worn for decades . 
If you have the extra money they are really nice . 
Maybe just get a pair for date nights . 
The idea is that you can take a couple pairs of these and wear one while you wash the other in a sink , minimizing the underwear you have to bring on a trip . 
The problem is that they don't feel that comfortable . 
These underwear fit normally in the waist given the size chart , howerver the butt / legs are looser than most boxer briefs . 
If you're camping / backpacking , these are the kind to take to reduce packing ; quick wash and hang to dry at night and they'll be ready by morning . 
They are that comfy . 
They're like that pair you had for years that became so thin you could see through them . 
I got tired of hearing my boyfriend complain of never having clean underwear so as a sorta gag gift I got him a variety of different brands . 
So for a week he was getting underwear from amazon with a gift note  it made for an amusing week of texts . 
He loved the fabric and I end up buying him more because I  m just awesome like that ( and because he seemed to only wear one pair  ) So I will recommend them on his behalf . 
Let me preface this by saying that I own 5 or 6 pairs of the ExOfficio standard briefs , and I absolutely love them and gave them 5 stars.However , these don't measure up ... literally . 
They don't provide any support for your package , and you will be bouncing all over the place as you would with a standard pair of boxers . 
I ordered mediums , just like the regular briefs that give me fantastic support , but the boxer-briefs have the crotch hanging much farther down , so you might as well be wearing boxers . 
The thighs fit right , so it's not a matter of going a sized down , because then the thighs would be too tight . I bought these for my cross-training class at my gym so that when I was doing crunches and other exercises where my legs are up in the air I wouldn't be flashing my bright white upper thighs to the class , but I also don't want to have my stuff flailing all over while we're doing jumping jacks and whatnot , so I'm now having to wear these over a standard set of briefs to accomplish that goal until I can find some other boxer briefs that actually provide support.If you're moreso looking to wear these instead of boxers with everyday clothes where you're not worried about twisting your boys and getting testicular torsion , then these could be great for you.BOTTOM - LINE : Don't buy these for athletic support . 
They feel like they are somewhere between compression shorts and cotton boxer briefs , which I really like . 
These briefs work OK if they fit you . 
The sports briefs are made from a stretchier fabric to fit more body sizes comfortably and wick / dry just as well as ExOfficio . 
I just returned from a year-long trip that took me around the jungles and beaches of Papua New Guinea , and this product was part of my pack . 
The material wicks away sweat and keeps everything happy underneath . 
A few days in , his swamp butt go so bad I finally loaned him two extra pairs I was saving just in case something happened to the ones I was wearing . 
He was a convert by the time he left and went home and immediately bought several more pairs to wear back in the USA . 
These things save lives , people . 
Get a few pair for your next trip abroad . 
Your junk will thank you . 
They stretch and breathe better than anything Under Armour or Nike make . 
You can wash them in a sink , and they dry in a few hours . 
They are also very , very resistant to any odor accumulation.They are almost indestructible . 
After washing I hang them up and they're dry in a very short time and they feel brand new . 
I have the unfortunate problem of having thighs that rub together when I walk . 
As an avid hiker this problem compounds itself to the point of searing rawness that makes for an unpleasant experience to say the least . 
Over the years of testing out underwear to resolve this issue I have only found 1 pair that truly protected me from this problem , Under Armor boxer jocks . 
Unfortunately they have a tendency to stink to high heaven . 
So I thought I would give ExOfficio a try.First time on I must say I love the fit . 
Snug in the thigh , so they stay in place where I need them . 
If you are sharing a tent , your already filthy and sweaty , the last thing he / she wants is to smell is reeky skeevies.My only concern is that where the cloth makes contact with my thighs it feels like it is pilling already . 
I bought two pairs for my 3 week JMT hike in July , so I will follow up with how they hold up after that . 
I am 5 ' 6 " 180 . problem is i wore them 3 or 4 times and two random spots started to " pill up " one spot on my right " cheek " and the other on my left thigh . 
i wore them to a normal job for about 6 hours . 
normal dress pants . 
will update after a couple weeks of wear and see what happens with new ones . 
I really want these to work out , they fit feel great . 
At first , the fit took a bit getting used to . 
Then it grew on me . 
But , for the money , I prefer the Reebox boxer briefs that come in a 2 pack from Sam's Club for $ 10 . 
Much better value . 
My hubby says this is the best boxer brief he has ever tried , so I bought him another one . 
he said it is breathable and comfy / 
I think I had a total of 5 or 6 pairs , and wore them for hiking / camping etc , but also every-day use.They hold up great , wick awesomely , and I've seen very little to no wearing out from washing them , or even drying on high heat ... although you can of course just air dry them in little to no time.Meanwhile , this past year I had a puppy who liked to get into my dirty clothes and eat them , and I was down to only 3 pairs left so I decided to order more ! These are seriously the best underwear that you can buy . 
These are my go-to when I'm camping . 
Sometimes , when needed , I've been able to go a couple days in these and didn't feel bad about it at all . 
Pros : Lightweight and doesn't absorb much odorCons : Takes a while to dry , much longer than my nylon shorts or wool shirts / socks 
A bit of a surprise . 
I purchased two identically sized compression shorts . 
I like the material though - feels good , is easy to wash , and dries quickly hung up in the bathroom . 
Will come in handy on trips ; with this and one other like it , I won't need to take bulky cotton briefs . 
The order arrived earlier the estimated date . 
Vendor's customer services is great.My shoes size is from 6.0 to 7.5 , it really depends on kind of shoes and brand . 
This was slight larger , but I can work with it.It is good for shoes low rise , flat . 
It works in some flat boots as well . 
Enjoy ! 
They fit true to size without any problem , came with minimal packing just as I like it . 
Construction seems adequate , and the wood was finished so that it had no rough spots . 
Fit instantly in the shoes , no effort required for entry or exit . 
I bought some fine leather shoes and the Johnston and Murphy guy wanted to sell me expensive shoe trees . 
As a plus , they make it much easier to wax and shine the shoe . 
Quality build , came as expected . 
Not much else to say . 
Keeps the smell down and the shape of the shoe . 
I got these trees and thought they were great at first , They function and fit my size 11-13 shoes and boots perfectly , and they're very easy to use.The only problem is the lack of cedar smell . 
I ordered FootFitter shoe trees a couple of weeks after these , and the FootFitters are just better all around . 
The pull-cord feels more sturdy , and the function seems easier , but most importantly , the foot fitters SMELL like cedar.There is a night-and-day difference between the two in terms of smell . 
So if you're looking for true cedar shoe trees that absorb moisture and leaves your shoes smelling fresh , go for the less-popular FootFitters for the same price ( the FootFitters were actually cheaper than the Woodlores when I ordered the second time around / ) 
I kept the stretchers in for a week and they did the job as I can get the orthotics in and they widened the toe box as well . 
I recommend them . 
I wear a 14 and these have no problem expanding and fitting snug inside my shoes . 
My only complaint would be that the trees came very dusty with cedar dust / saw dust , and I needed to really rub them down with a sock before sticking them in my dress shoes . 
These are real cedar , made in the U . S . A . , and are less than 1/10 th the cost of a new pair of dress shoes ( which is what you'll need if you don't take good care of your dress shoes ) so I'm happy with the product overall . 
You need a good shoe tree alwaysI have only good things to say : wood . quality . 
shape . 
it is cheaper for me in Brisbane to buy a new Timex from Amazon than it is to get a watch battery replaced - go figure - this watch I wear every day to work and it has been faultless 
No double snap closure . 
It feels really cheap inside . 
Dissapointed . 
No longer feeling it necessary to keep my checkbook in my wallet , I realized I could use a smaller one and take up less room in my purse . 
There are plenty of spaces for everything ! 
I would recommend this nicely-made wallet to anyone , and the seller did a great job . 
So I spent quite a bit of time looking for another one similar to it , to no avail . 
Furthermore , it's really a nice looking wallet for the price . 
Time will tell how long it will last ! 
THESE JEANS ARE THE ONLY ONES THAT I HAVE FOUND THAT FIT MY CRAZY FIGURE WITHOUT PAYING A FORTUNE FOR . I WEAR THEM ALMOST EVERY DAY . 
the length is 34 " and I need a little longer but hard to find . 
these are ok . 
They are the best for curvy figures . I am a size 8 and I like that these jeans allow you to show your wait and wear belts withoutany bulges showing . 
They are really flaterring and comfortableIt is becoming more difficult every year to find these jeans , so all cury ladies please join mein demanding that they continue to be manufactured and in more colors . 
Great for casual wear . 
Can be dressed up or dressed down . 
I would never wear them with dressy heels as pictured . 
I bought these in three colors . 
I purchased two pairs of these jeans , one white and the other Latte size 10 . 
The white fit perfectly and the Lattie fit like a size 8 . 
They are all made in different countries and that seems to be the problem . 
And if the jeans are not provided by Amazon but a Florida company you will need to pay for returns which I think is wrong . 
This is what they are . 
The colour seems to fade a little quickly compared to some of my other camo pants , but the extra two pockets are nice . 
I buy these as a gift for an older friend . 
He is really hard on clothes and these last and last for him . 
I just interchange . 
I like it very much , and I think you will as well . 
Very pretty ! 
It's heavy enough to look great and hold your jewelry without being flimsy . 
I have no complaints . 
Arrived quickly too and seems to be well made . 
I had my doubts when I bought these earrings . 
I've not had much luck in buying jewelry on line . 
I was always disappointed with my purchases--cheap , tinny and badly made . 
So when I opened the little velvet bag they came in and pulled them out , I was amazed at the brilliance of the stones and the delicacy and quality of the silver settings . 
I will buy another pair as a holiday gift . 
No disappointments here . 
. 
. 
I have already worn them several times . 
Very happy with this product ! 
It goes with any outfit and any occasion . 
Overall , the necklace was okay but the pricing could've been cheaper . 
Purchased this necklace from the supplier and was pretty disappointed . 
The distinctive texture of the photo isn't apparent when one actually wears it . 
Looks like hardware store chain for miniatures or crafts . 
Kinda boring . 
Definitely too flimsy to embellish with additional charms . 
Would likely break easily . 
I really like these bibs . 
I'm 6 ' 4 " and 240 lbs . 
so its always been kinda hard to find clothes that fit me . 
Now that I've gotten a bit older , 55 , I have a bit of a beer belly going so it was a bit difficult deciding what size of these to order . 
My jeans are 38x34 and a bit tight but 40x34 jeans fall off my butt . 
I really need a 39 waist jeans but they don't make that size . 
Any who , tired of ill fitting jeans that are either too tight or fall off , and I ain't a fan of the droopy pants showing my underwear , I thought I'd go for some bibbies . 
It would be nice if they had these in a 34 length but with the straps out all the way these are ok . 
I probably should have ordered the 42 waist but I can do with these any who.These bibs are very well stitched and are made from nice heavy fabric so they should wear for years . 
The stripes are pretty cool looking too . 
They make me look a lot taller and kinda hide me beer belly I've grown too . 
it has become increasinglyhard to find them in the strips he prefers ( do not ask me why , i think the plain blue ones are more flattering ) 
Wrong , these pants are huge and sloppy and there's so much fabric that my movements are hindered significantly , making work in these pants almost impossible . 
They are a little boxy and uncomfortable at times . 
I would recommend for costumes and short time use . 
Wide enough to sit comfortable on shoulders and you don't even notice the clasps ( they don't interfier with sitting at all ) . 
I needed a quick way to keep my snow pants up this winter these worked well . 
Bought for my daughter . 
Still have to use thin socks to have a good fit . 
Leather is quite stiff until it starts to break in . 
Justin wide boots are wider and if you are width challenged will probably fit better . 
This is a very well made boot that looks good and fits well . 
Now we havefigured out the correct size to order , a brown pair will be next ! 
Ordered them in black and liked them so much I bought these in brown . 
Reasonable price , too . 
I haven't taken it out in a major storm , but it's worked fine otherwise . 
The handle is pretty small and uncomfortable to hold . 
This is noticeably annoying if you're using it for a while . 
The pants arrived quickly and without any rips , stains or damages . 
I would absolutely order another pair of these if I needed to . 
Owned a similar model in black . 
The colour is nice , really how i pictured it . 
I bought these for my husband who needs pants that can be for dress up and every day . 
He asked me to find pants that he could wear for many days without having to change his wallet , keys , etc .. 
These socks really feel good on the feet , have GOOD elasticity without cording your legs and fit good in my tennis shoes and hiking boots . 
Same size . 
The others ? 
I paid an extra ten bucks to look like a sausage . 
Dickies are quality brand products let me assure you , the pants are just a little larger than expected . 
A little more baggy around the legs than I like but hey I will not outgrow them . 
I bought 10 trousers off Amazon from different suppliers and they all true 42 - however this product is more like a 40 - coppmpletely wrong fit and I measured the waist . 
They are roomy and fit comfortably . 
I haven't the need to wear a size larger as some other reviewers have mentioned . 
They fit as they should . 
The cargo pockets are generously sized and good for carrying pretty much anything . 
I find that it is easier to work in these pants than jeans , especially in warmer weather , due to the lighter weight and better range of motion that they allow . 
I would definitely buy another pair . 
The size is exactly as you'd expect . 
They aren't skinny pants and aren't really baggy . 
I hard to bend over to pick something up and they had an obvious stretch to them so I had no fear of tearing / ripping . 
They're a nice set of pants for work or play . 
I ordered Khaki and will now order black and charcoal as a follow up order.Updated : I now have charcoal and black and they fit just as well . 
Thick , well woven material . 
He wants a few more pairs to just have for when these wear out . 
They collect every thing from fuz to hair to any thing u sit on . 
The pants are magnetic 
I really like the fit and style of these pants . 
I would highly recommend them for purchase . 
Very Quick tough material that should last and exactly what I needed living up here in the remote North Cascades National Park ! 
Good Colors and decent fit . 
But looks great . 
There are a lot of awful fitting trousers for guys out there . 
I have never had a problem with Dickies brands . 
They are tough , fit well and hold their shape . 
nice material and sewing . 
sized right for me . 
These pants are loose-fitting . 
I had to pay $ 15.00 to return by UPS . 
I really didnt have my hopes up with this t shirt , but I was so pleasently surprised ! ! ! 
I recommend this to anyone . 
Even though I purchased this hat a bit large , the size served it's purpose . 
I purchased this hat in remembrance of my fellow Marines who I miss almost every day . 
It fits really well and I think it will last for a long time . 
Very happy with the product . 
I purchased this hat for my outdoorsy 4 year old daughter . 
It is a good fit . 
The hat is durable and feels like it is made of high quality fabric . 
I would purchase this again . 
He works at a grocery store in the " cool / cold " departments . 
Machine washable for easy cleaning care . 
I got this travel bag for my son , on his school trip to Boston , he said some of his friends liked it and asked where did he buy it , Of Course he said AMAZON ... its strong and durable , many inside pockets ... yes people go ahead buy it ... 
The duffle is well made except for a few things . 
1 you can't put a paddle lock on it to secure the contents . 
2 it's a little too narrow . 
However it works great as a bat bag for baseball and its great for storage poles and the like . 
A sleeping bag will not fit ( if its rolled up ) . 
Other then then that it's ok . 
I purchased these for my daughter for cheer practice and she loves how they fit . 
I will buy more of these in the future . 
Wear this faithfully with my other ear cuffs as a complement to any outfit . 
Dress it up or down . 
Recently dropped it down the bath sink drain , and when i retrieved the cuff it was a bit tarnished as any silver would be so i wiped it gently with toothpaste to remove the tarnish , rinsed and gently dried it , looked new again . 
Would recommend as a must-have addition to any ear cuff or ear piercings wardrobe . 
It looks very nice in the ear . 
However its a bit big for my ear i am afraid i will lose it somewhere . 
Maybe i will have to narrow it so its fits better . 
Fit good , seems like good quality made . 
Wants another pair or two ... hmmm ... birthdays coming up . 
A great buy and a durable product 
Gorgeous bag that's a great size for my netbook or a book or a quick bag for going to the pool . 
I absolutely love this bag . 
Is excellent when you have snow and or muddy field . 
Good all around boot . 
Let me start off with saying I'm normally a Justin boots girl . 
After some debating I strayed from my Justin's and got a pair of the Fatbaby 2 ' s in the bomber brown . 
They will be cute wether you are wearing them with jeans , dresses , or shorts . 
The left boot was a little bit more snug when I first put them on , but after wearing them for about an hour it adjusted . 
I can see why some riding classes don't allow Fatbabys . 
Because they are fat they might be a little difficult to fit in the stirrups for me . 
I really was amazed at how well these little boots felt when I went on a trip to Germany . 
I have torn cartilage in one of my knees and must insert orthotic insoles into every pair of shoes I wear . 
I only wish they were made in a size like A or AA because I have a very narrow foot , but I'll take anything I can get . 
Toebox is wider than Ariat Ropers . 
For my money , the Ropers have the best fit but these are a lot of fun . 
I wanted to try these boot for the comfort and price . 
They came quickly and delivered in great condition . 
Went to try them one and WOW , what a great find . 
Thank you ariat for making great looking boots ! 
! 
This is simply georgious ! ! 
I recommend it ! 
Lenght is longer than expected , so it has to be shortened.the quality is fair , and not something I would buy again 
I bought this for my MIL who is a stroke survivor . 
This was the only one I could find that buttoned . 
I try to get things she can do to keep her as independent as possible . 
FIT TOO SMALL FOR ME , I'M A SIZE 34 WAIST . 
I GOT THE LARGE AND IT WAS 36-39 . 
I RE-ORDERED AND GOT THE MED . 
32-34 . 
AND IT WAS WRONG AGAIN , IT WAS A 31 WAIST , SO IF YOUR A SMALL GUY WAIST 29 , GET THE MED . 
IF YOU'RE A REG GUY GET THE LARGE AND HOPE IT SHRINKS IN THE WASH . 
UPDATE 5/2 / 14 : After receiving additional colors I found that sleeve lengths vary by about 4 inches from shirt to shirt . 
But I like them so much I'm leaving the five star rating.Absolutely great sweatshirt . 
Great long sleeves . 
Just ordered other colors . 
! 
purchased two in " mocha " and one in " yam " , all double XL , and the yam colored garment is at least two sizes smaller than the mocha colored garments ( which fit perfectly ) - the yam garment is also lighter weight . 
i really dig the mocha garments , they are perfect in every way , but i would i would like to order other colors . 
unfortunately ordering other colors is problematic given there is clearly a difference between the garments depending on where they were made . 
can the seller indicate which colors were made where ? 
this would be extremely helpful . 
I decided to buy 3 because of the low price . 
I can't wait to buy more :) Pros : Slim , Light , ColorfulCons : Should be at least an inch shorter 
Material was okay , nothing fancy ! 
I wear it around the house , enough said ! 
Reseller was good to get it from ! 
I would buy again for sure 
Quality is what you would expect , I felt that they are a little thin , but no where near " vintage style " 
This shirt was just a little snug , but that's my only complaint . 
I would order a size up to ensure that it fits properly . 
My husband needed another shirt to wear under his military uniform . 
Shirt fits as expected . 
About the right size . 
Feels comfortable and casual enough to wear anywhere . 
It did not shrink after the first wash . May order another one . 
I usually purchase mine locally and have some of these that have gone through thirty wash cycles and they almost zero fade . 
Another thing I love is the relatively thick cotton fabric . 
Compared to the lighter ones I mentioned , these are noticeably heavier , but still breathe on hot , humid days . 
Although they are pre-shrunk I recommend ordering the next size up if you are borderline between sizes . 
I bought it to go with some basketball shorts and I'm planning to get some get wear out of it ... 
The shirt itself is ok , the fit was way to tight . 
these run a bit small . 
I normally wear a large , wish i woulda ordered an XL . 
It'll be a good oil rag . 
I have two of these . 
I can wear them out in with jeans . 
I really like to belt them at waist , but my favorite way is with an oversized belt between waist and above the hip . 
And they are cute with a scarf around the neck 
I . 
nice for the price but a little thin , if you wear a large buy an extra largethat way they will fit . 
I have put on some weight since my last purchased , so I think I am a large now . 
But I wanted everyone to know that they do shrink - big time . 
Plus , with the heavier material it's hard to get them over the shoulder as the material doesn't flex as much . 
STD t shirt form and really cheap at $ 4 shipped . 
I now own about 8 of these in different colors 
I bought it to wear it in bed so I got the Large ( I'm usually size XS or S in everything ) . 
Nice long sleeved tee . 
Washes well , wears well . 
Nice and cozy like it should be . 
This short sleeve shirt was purchased for St Patrick's Day . 
It looks and feels good on and so very comfortable 
I use them under my long sleeve shirts . 
Every day , six days a week , for about 12 to 16 hours each day , I wear them . 
We ordered this shirt for our Grandson . 
The order arrived on time , without damage . 
He said that it fit and he will wear it . 
I use them to wear underneath collared shirts to be seen where the neck is , to add software to my already funky shirts . 
I don't understand the negative feedback from anyone , they are high quality , made well , and I have many of them . 
The only thing negative I can say is that the prices can be a little bit lower , and should be . 
We do wash them in cold water . 
The material is a little on the thin side . 
I got this for my husband to sleep in and he loves it - - - soft and doesn't shrink or stretch when you wash it . 
He wants to purchase more , and we probably will , just wish the shirt was not as expensive for one shirt . 
They don't fit half bad for a large-chested woman wearing a man's shirt . 
A little stiff , and I wish they were softer , but I can use them , so 3 stars . 
That being said I ordered both a 5XLT and 4XLT figuring for the cheap price these are going for that if they did run small that I could wear the bigger one and would soon be able to wear the 4XL . 
The 5XL was even a tad bit tight . 
Wearable and a little shorter than I'm used to but it's not a tall shirt either . 
Shipped very quickly . 
I wear out loose , I belt them at waist or low on hips ( that's my favorite ) You can do many looks with different belts . 
I have bought several of this brand of t shirt because they fit well and hold up very well in the wash . 
They fit well , they were inexpensive and he likes them . 
Runs wayyyy big 
these shirts advertised as being preshrunk . 
however , these shirts shrink ! ! ! 
i bought several shirts and all of them , after 1 washing , shrank . 
false and misleading advertising . 
won't buy these shirts again and you shouldn't buy at all ! ! ! 
! 
This product is not lined . 
It's made of a thicker material then what I've come to expect from most unlined bra's , but it's not the same . 
If you want a lined bra then don't get this one . 
I tried on a few t-shirts and you could see the wrinkles ( and my nipples ) through the t-shirt . 
The fit is smooth and light weight under all sorts of tops . 
Wish it was in pretty colors rather than plain nude . 
Finally a bra I order online that fits ! 
It is VERY thin and I love it ! 
These are very reflective , my hubby really likes them , they were a good price and are of a reasonable quality , the price was right and you would probably be happy with them , if this is what you're looking for ! 
It's honestly hard to match that . 
I always opt for cheap , but of at least decent quality for the reason I stated above . 
I need to reemphasize this point to you . 
The only time the darkness is appropriate is if the sun is brightly shining . 
If the sun goes behind even a small cloud , it becomes so dark that it is difficult to see.Love the quality , price , and look of these av's , but they are so dark I will keep wearing other ones for the time being except when I go to places like the beach , or anywhere with excessive sunlight . 
I appreciate the fact that they come with their own cloth case too . 
I am glad I bought these ! 
I would buy more of this products . 
! 
My mother is in a wheelchair and her feet & legs swell - these don't put any pressure on her legs . 
I was recently in the hospital for a while and dug the socks they gave me . 
They were pretty comfortable , and definitely kept me from slipping ( I was told that I had to wear them so the hospital would avoid a lawsuit ) . 
My parents have gotten at the age where I am concerned about their fragility , so I saw these and thought they would be a nice way to avoid any injuries ... and kind of gave them as a gag gift.Well , it's a good thing that they come in a giant bundle , because these things fall apart pretty much immediately . 
Walking around the house causes the pads to come off the sock . 
The hospital socks have a different material on the bottom to create the grip padding - - - what these give you is more or less a sticker on a sock . I do NOT recommend these for anyone that things they're getting anything functional . 
My mom does wear shoes any more her feet are to swollen being 96 years old I don't expect her to wear shoes . 
When we go out she wears them as she's in wheel chair when outside of the house . 
Really soft and comfy socks . 
Can't go wrong with non-skid on the bottom . 
They do wear out after you wear and wash them a whole bunch of times , but I have to say it is worth it to replace one every now and then . 
My mom had a stroke , she went into a rehab facility and needed some socks that would stay on and provide good traction during her rehab . 
Well , these fit the bill ! 
I ordered a second pair of the black , woodland and desert . 
I just wish that the price was lower . 
Very pretty decorative jewelry armoire.Plenty of places to store all your jewelry.Easy to assemble ( not much assembly required ) . 
Fast shipping.Keep an eye out though for lower prices on this item , I found they ranged from $ 300.00 to as low as $ 150.00 . I originally bought it through some one else , their price was higher & they were taking for ever to ship . I cancelled that order & bought it cheaper with FREE shipping aswell.So shop around you can get same product cheaper . 
This is not worth the money that was charged . 
Poor paint job . 
Hinges on lid do not tighten therefore it wobbles like it's going to fall apart . 
I would not recommend to anyone to buy this . 
The lace makes it quite feminine . 
This was a bit overkill for what I need . 
The lacy patter showed thru a maxi dress . 
Zipper on the side was easy to get up and had hooks to make sure it would stay closed . 
In the future I will order a 36 - XXL . 
:) 
Bought these for a man with a dropped foot and frozen ankle . 
Must say he can keep these slippers on his feet without twisting or being cumbersome . 
Yes will buy again 
They stay on your feet even slightly over sized . 
These are old school leather boots . 
They require patience to break in , but it really is not bad at all . 
There is actually no reason for a painful break in period if you are smart about it . 
Just casually wear them around the house for a few days . 
The heat from your feet and the easy walking about will already start the break in process . 
Then start walking around the block . 
I had some aesthetic complaints about the boots when I first took them out of the box ( that all became non-issues , see below ) . 
Despite appearances , these boots do not feel clunky on my feet at all , and it is very easy to drive with them on . 5/2 / 14 UPDATE ( after 50miles ): The boots get more and more comfortable each day . 
3 to 5 mile hikes are no problem , and the heel rubbing is not noticeable . 
These Danners are truly old school boots , and should not be judged too hastily . 
The stance , at least for me , is just right . 
They feel very stable and give a good feel for the ground beneath my feet . 
They don't give me an unpleasant " jacked up " feeling at all . 5/11 / 14 UPDATE ( after about 100 miles ) Upgraded to 4 stars . 
They just feel right on my feet . 
The weight is not a problem at all , in fact I don't even notice it , except in a positive way ; it lends a solid feel to the boot and inspires a steady , relaxed stride when I walk . 
Perhaps on 20 mile days with lots of steep climbing , the weight might be a problem , but so far I like the boots just the way they are . 5/16 / 14 UPDATE ( after about 125 miles ) Started using Dr . Sholes " Odor-X " insoles and they are working great for me . 
I was using Danner Fatigue Figher insoles , but they were too thick and generated lots of heat and cramped my toes . 
The Odor-X insoles still provide a bit of cushioning , but keep my feet cool , don't cause any friction , and leave plenty of room for my toes . 
! 
I have never bought a Playtex bra before because I thought they were old fasioned . 
I will buy more . 
This bra was the only bra I could find that fit my criteria of a 44D , black , plunge , push-up , that would arrive in time for the wedding.The fit was not great . 
This bra was too small around . 
Since I was in a time crunch I just went to a local store and purchased a bra extender to solve that problem ( this store doesn't carry my size and is why I didn't purchase a bra here ) . 
After that , no more bulge . 
The straps were constantly slipping off my shoulders . 
I had to cinch them so tight just to get them to stay up , that you could see the indent on my shoulders through my dress . 
This bra just lacked the overall comfort I'm used to.The push-up aspect wasn't bad . 
This was my first push-up bra . 
I didn't need a ton of cleavage I just needed some extra lift because my dress was very low cut . 
So it worked fine for what I needed.Also , at first the straps kept coming out of the clasps holding them on . 
They don't close and just slip on and off . 
Eventually I was able to get this to stop , thankfully.If I hadn't already worn this bra I would return it . 
Wire poked out of material after wearing one time . 
No coating on ends ... went right through material . 
Thank you . 
Thank you 
They stay nice for a long time also . 
I particularly like the fact that the footbed can be lifted insert a show lift if you need it . 
I love these thigh highs , and have come back to buy several more pairs . 
The sock I bought was my size . 
Only get this if you have tight thighs , like very muscular . 
Good quality , but I'm super hard on my nylons . 
Managed to snag on my laptop bag ( ! ? ! ) 
because I'm just that clumsy . 
Came up pretty high on my thigh as I wanted , and love them . 
Got it in travel buff , jet and barely black and all 3 are great . 
These are the original thigh-highs . 
They are impossible to find in stores . 
If you are a Hanes person and looking for the original hose , these are for you . 
Would recommend product , quality , style , and vendor . 
Pretty cute otherwise . 
I would buy them again and have already 
they bulge out in the middle like a rowboat 
That is all I want . 
I can stand in these all day and not get tired , achy feet . 
Would definitely recommend . 
After walking around in them my feet started to hurt . 
Made a little small . 
Would of needed them in a wide I think . 
They last forever , too 
These shoes were made for extremely small feet . 
They were pretty , . and looked comfortable . 
I will have to remain with Trotters . 
Very tight in toe area . 
Will have to stretch them out some . 
.. ... ... ... 
Fit great in heel area , look dressy , looks like wearing high heels 
Can't say enough about the Lerato . 
One of my favorites in my closet since going on a " shoes that won't kill my feet search " this month . 
Finances kept me away from Naturalizer for many years . 
My feet have suffered . 
But back even if finances aren't much better . 
Ever feel like a favorite shirt or PJ is your buddy ? 
This is how I feel about this shoe . I've gotten several colors . 
Would buy all if available . 
Wear anywhere . 
No wonder there are so few left of this style.Note : I wear an 8.5 W . 
This shoe runs long in heel so I exchanged for 8W . 
This is a really cute casual shoe . 
Great looking with Jean or casual pants . 
I'd like to get them in black . 
All the men in my house love these shoes . 
I needed some black shoes . 
These were inexpensive , good looking , and fit extremely well . 
Skechers have felt better than my Doc Martins . 
Though they ARE leather uppers , the finish on the leather is a plastic-like film that starts to peel over time . 
There is no way to repair it . 
Stripping it off doesn't work all the way either . 
The leather underneath the film is completely unfinished . 
I do not recommend these shoes for any purpose except maybe light occasional use.Too bad too , because the rest of the shoe seems well constructed . 
i ; v been wearing these for years for work , they are as expected look great 1st 2months then drop off in comfort and durability 3 and 4th mnth i get about total of 5 to 6 mnths out b4 they are garbage .. but to be expected considering there made in china town where nothing of any quality comes from / so that said if yout spend hundreds on redwings which are made in china now 2 u just get expensive junk work shoes so why bother there all crap .. 
they are good with or without socks . 
And wash good . 
Only thing before you put them in the dryer put the metal straps in a pillow case and tie them . 
My boyfriend absolutely loves these overalls . 
He looks good in them , too ! 
It's Dickies ... you get what you pay for and that's good rugged quality fabric . 
The pockets were a little high on the back for my taste and that's the only reason why I didn't give it a 5 star rating , but nonetheless I like them a lot worth ever penny I spent ... and my wife says and I quote " they look good of your butt honey " Ha ! 
Wife hates these . 
Not much more to say about overalls . 
Well made 
Didn't realize how wide the pant legs are and it seemed like the legs were really long . 
I just hemmed them They will work OK 
I like them and I feel they will last for many years . 
I actually wanted them for an upcoming trip we will be taking to Paris ; there is a side , zip pocket which will be very helpful to fend off pick-pockets . 
This side zip pocket has a small , zipper pull that is essentially attached via a loop . 
It can be removed ( which we will do for travel ) and then easily put back on without damaging it . 
The sage color is kinda like a grey-green khaki ; it will go with many other colors . 
Kind of long in the waist and a bit baggy overall . 
Medium weight material , soft but not great - would probably improve with washing . 
Good fit as ordered.Very soft pants - without getting beat up - like jeansWill buy these again.Great price . 
A light weight but tough utility pair of pants . 
Length is true . 
Fit is overall loose . 
No structure . 
No lining . 
No crease . 
Handy zippered pocket for your wallet or passport . 
I suggest remove the pull and hide the zipper . 
Couldn't wear them , when I walked I came right out of them , had to walk barefoot . 
I love the look , just would not stay on my feet . 
I without adoubt reccomend these shoes . 
Really great looking shoe . 
A little smaller than my closed toes Bandolinos but the platform is really comfortable on the balls of my feet . 
If I was walking on a ton of snow and Ice they would be perfect . 
I live on a mountain where we have snow and ice on the ground for much of the winter . 
Plus the price is much better than competition . 
Easy on , easy off ... you can walk with confidence in the snow / ice and they have had a workout this winter ! 
I bought them for all my daughters and parents . 
Even my little grandson wanted some , they are a bit too big for him this year but the extra small may fit him next year . 
You can even wear them with heals because of the design . 
I bought these for my mother who is a little unsteady on her feet in the colder elements . 
Our first concern was that she would trip on them since she can shuffle her feet a bit , but these were not a problem . 
She was very surprised how comfortable on her shoes they were , how she barely noticed them when walking and how easy it was to use them in / out of the car and working the pedals . 
I feel a lot safer walking at night with them . 
Smart idea ! 
After two very serious falls this winter even when wearing my chunky soled winter boots I decided it was time to invest in some Yaktrax . 
They go on fairly easy , and come off even more easily ( but you will get hands dirty with whatever ice and dirt is on the bottom of your shoes ) . 
This coming week we have another ice storm on the way , so will probably get a chance to test them on solid black ice surfaces that run from our frost door to our parking spot spaces down a steep hill . 
Will update once they get the true test . 
I've used my Yaktrax maybe 10 times , 4 of them were when I was running . 
But last time I ran I noticed that two of the elastic bands snapped , same band on both . I'm thinking it was caused by one or two things : I take them off my shoes almost every time since I use them on both my hiking boots and my running shoes , I'm thinking that could have given the metal spirals to shift a bit and pinch the elastic band.The last time I ran on them I would say it was clean cement 70 % of the time and ice and snow the other 30 % , so another possibility is the rough cement caused the elastic to fray easier.Will definitely buy heavier duty ones next time . 
I used to think putting these odd things on top of a pair of sneekers was a waste of time but now know it's the best use of five minutes or less for getting your footing . 
I am a big clutz . 
I bought these to put on my shoes during the winter so I would not fall . 
I like the ease of slipping them on and off . 
Liked it a lot since I can run around doing errands for hours without feeling pain on my feet ! 
They are very soft , typical LifeStride . 
Just what I needed . 
I liked these so much that I went back and bought the black and beige too . 
Like ths shoe . 
Would buy again 
This was a long , ugly winter and our only mistake was not buying these sooner . 
We walk our dog twice and day and these probably saved us from falls many times . 
No sign of wear , even after walking on many sidewalks without ice . 
After this winter's polar vortex , sheets & sheets of ice formed everywhere making it near impossible to even walk out of the house . 
Many of the negative reviews of these slacks are unfair because it seems they expected high-grade spun Egyptian cotton and custom tailoring , if that's what you want , go buy it ( and expect to pay accordingly ) . That said , these are nice medium weight khakis that are perfect for movie night or a saturday outing . 
The sizing is good . 
( god save us from ' perma-press ! ' 
) All your pants shouldn't have to be office-wear quality and cut . 
These are a good second level pair of trousers , and I recommend them as such . 
I work in a casual office and these shoes are so soft and light weight , and very comfortable ! ! 
I actually have two pair , one black and one brown ! 
These are a true fit for me ( size 10M ) I would almost bet , you'll be happy with theses , as i am ! 
At first the sizing seemed right on - shrunk like 3 sizes after one washing . 
Do not waste your money ! 
I like the shirts , no tags , nice and soft ... the only reason why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 stars is that they shrunk length-wise . 
My daughter is tall and skinny , so the last thing I wanted was for the shirts to get shorter , but it still works . 
If you are a bigger guy then you know all about the magic that is fishing shirts ! 
These shirts do run big , but they fit so well . 
You can move and bend and it doesn't get tight . 
The Columbia brand specifically seems to be a GREAT brand on this shirt . 
I have had no trouble with shirts fading or buttons falling out . 
Really a great product , but know that they run a little big . 
This product is made with a very good quality material and fit very well to me , I'm glad to make business with them 
Cannot wait to wear it on our fishing trip ! 
I will be buying more of these . 
I really like the big pockets and the shirt feels so light and cool . 
Thank you . P . S . 
You can't go wrong buying this . 
He also is an avid fisherman and hunter . 
This is a very pretty shirt . 
Is an excelent product so some large to me . 
I recommend to latin people buy one menor size . 
No ... seriously . 
I bought one about a month ago and I've been buying another each week . 
I have five now . 
It's all I wear . 
They dry almost instantly and they don't change colors when they get wet with sweat . 
I'm posting this review as I'm buying shirts 6 and 7.The only bad thing is the color choices . 
I wish they had more " normal " colors . 
I take photo trips for 2 or 3 weeks at a time and dealing with clothing on top of my gear is a PITA . 
I'm 5 ' 8 " 140LBs with slim athletic build ( biker / runner ) and normally wear small . 
I've been wearing Columbia jackets and shirts for years and most run a size large , so par for the course . I live in the tropics and the sun burns me through my t-shirt within 30 minutes . 
The UV protection of the Columbia Bahama shirt is excellent and I'm good for hours of shooting without a hint of redness . 
The velcro makes for quick one-handed access and the pockets expand enough to hold a small lens . 
The size of this shirt definitely runs on the large side ( loose fit ) . 
The shirt is very light weight , but very durable . 
If you have a chubby foot . 
This shoes runs narrow I would order a size larger . 
They were nice looking . 
Tried to reorder in larger size but they are sold out . 
Poo 
I was thrilled to find his size online , so I bought 3 pairs . 
I washed this once and it shrunk a little , so it fits like it should : comfortably large but not sloppy . 
Good value for the money . 
Of course durability is the best test , but I'll update that in a year.Great fit for me ( XL ) . 
Washed up very nicely on the ' out of the bag ' initial wash . Based on a bad experience with similar sweatshirts in the past , I used the lowest dryer setting to eliminate the possibility of shrinkage . 
With imported clothing , it's really hard to know what is set and what is not.Definitely recommend this sweatshirt to anyone looking for low price and decent quality . 
He loves it ! 
My father-in-law is difficult to buy for , thinks he does not need anything . 
i was pleased that he likes this sweatshirt so much and wears it a lot . 
My granddaughter loves this sweat shirt . 
Nice sweatshirt , good weight and washed well . 
They are soft , do not fade after washing , fit as expected and are not too heavy . 
I ordered three , and then honestly speaking I cancelled the order ; however it was too late . 
I also had a problem that was immediately taken care of by the seller . 
Thank you very much . 
Husband really like these shirts , I'll be taking over them soon ! 
Arrived as promised ... hard to find PLAIN navy when out of season ... fits well ... secure seams .. fabric seems durable ... needed for school workouts . 
I like the sweatshirt . 
Isn't quite as heavy as I would have liked , but it is a good sweatshirt . 
would buy again when time comes to reorder 
The product came on time as always from Amazon . 
The color is a very bright royal blue , however the size XL is a little tight on me , I am 5 ' 10 " and 220 lbs . 
and normally wear an XL . 
One is too large and another runs small.Quality and pricing is good . I will buy more in the fall . 
good thing I bought three in different colors . 
my husband hasn't worn any other shirts since these came ! 
and they are tagless which is a big selling point for me . 
the sizing is true and the arm holes are roomy so no pinching in the armpits . 
I would recommend Hanes sweatshirts to anyone looking for comfort and quality workmanship . 
this looks good with his vest 
I'm very please with this purchase . 
The cost was very reasonable and the quality was better than expected . 
I make custom T shirts and other clothing items like this locally . 
I order everything from a specific place but sometimes i will order single pieces from amazon when someone places order shortly after i already made my weekly - 2 week clothing purchase for orders . 
The price is great because my supplier would charge 10 bucks shipping on my order if it isn't over a certain amount so here i just pay 2.00 more and still have a good turn around time on my products (: which is what i strive for ! 
Bought this shirt to make an 80 ' s costume . 
It was just what I needed . 
Item was as pictured . 
They are very light , and not really tough enough for a hard day's work.If you like a lightweight sweatshirt , then these are for you ! 
The product came on time as always from Amazon . 
Overall the fit is very good , I am 5 ' 10 " and 220 . 
Bought it for my boyfriend and whenever I get cold he takes it off and makes me wear it . 
It's really soft instead and brand new . 
the sweater was defensibly a better quality than most and when my order was slightly problematic they gave me a refund without wanting the sweater back . 
! 
Always looking jean jacket , this struck me by how good it looked , until one day I decided to buy it . 
Just arrived and I intend to try it on , I wore it and I took it off and no more . 
Only my wife asked me to take it away to sleep that night . 
I will continue buying this brand and recommending it to friends . 
They do , however , run a size smaller than what one normally wears . 
The shoes fit well but did not have the arch support I need ... I wore them to work and lasted about 4 hours before my feet began to burn and ache ... I contacted the seller and had no problem returning the shoes , even though I had worn them ... would recommended buying from the seller as the customer service is superb ... I bought a pair of shoes from them a couple of years ago and they were wonderful ... These did not meet my needs as I work on concrete and require better arch support ... Would recommend them for people who do not have flat feet .. 
I work and work hard on my feet sometimes up to ten hours a shift . 
These helped me get there . 
I did get a second pair but alas because of post operative swelling on my foot I've not been able to wear them . 
I hope to soon . 
SIZES SHOULD HAVE BEEN CORRECTLY 
I would not recommend them , and will not buy them again . 
Quack quack shoes 
I purchased these much larger than size listed by chart to avoid rips . 
A little tight around hips and thighs but I wore them all day on Halloween . 
When I used to wear pantyhose in the 90 ' s ( HA ! ) 
Maybe after 2 kids ... 
I will order more in other colors . 
I have spent a great deal of money on tights recently , and these are by far the best . 
They don't run , rip or snag if you handle them properly . 
I wear them in place of stockings with business clothes and they look good , feel good . 
I will be buying more now that I know they work . 
I haven't yet danced in them , but they seem much more durable than my other pair of tights . 
I ordered a S / M when I should have ordered a M / L , but they fit quite well save the waist elastic ( which I will be adjusting ) . 
I'm hoping they fade slightly after some washes . 
They were just as expected when they arrived . 
These are nice and thick and silky so they last a long time and feel nice . 
I unfortunately got a run on mine the first time I wore them , my nails must of caught it when I put them on . 
I have been looking for a long time for these exact gloves . 
The price was very good too . 
They look just like Uggs Bailey Button boots but are literally 1/4 of the price ! 
They feel like slippers . 
The one drawback is the tread . 
There's not a lot of tread on the bottom for slippery conditions so I can only wear these boots when it's not slippery . 
I would highly recommend them . 
I checked out purchasing UGG boots , but I seriously could not justify spending that kind of money while splashing around in slush ! 
You must spray these with a protector before wearing or they will be very hard to clean . 
When they came out of the box , I swore I felt like I was walking on little puffs of clouds . I love this so much , I've got to get another one . 
lolCON : Not good in puddles of course ! 
Oh , and my suggestion would be to avoid wearing them if it is raining too much or too hard.Other than that , they are fantastic ! 
I will purchase these again as needed . 
The size chart on Amazon lead me to believe that I could pull of a small / medium , but when I received the tights , I realized that I should have gone up to the bigger size because I am 5 ' 8 " and 115 pounds . 
I am a clutz and I don't believe that I can put a run in these . 
Really nice tights . 
A perfect match with the ballet shoes & dress we also bought , they fit & feel good , a very tough product , they just don't seem to wear out she says ! ! 
! 
Ive had tights like this in the past and none cut the mustard . 
These are extremely durable , completely opaque , extremely soft and I simply love them . 
Perfect , I can not saying anything bad about the product it was exactly what I was looking for and needed . 
they remind me of my Jazz shoes that I had 25 years ago so you might say that I'm relay enjoying them 
Shoe would've been great if we ordered her regular size instead of their advice to buy larger . 
Had to be exchanged for smaller size . 
I'm not really good at wearing heels . 
I prefer flats or sneakers . 
These are ok . 
If you are someone who can wear heels no problem then these are probably very good . 
They have good padding . 
In my experience , you don't want to order a whole size above your regular shoe size , but maybe half a size above will fit . 
Once with the corrected shoe size the shoe seems to be well made . 
I guess I didn't realize you're supposed to order a full size larger than your normal shoe size . 
Oops . 
Plus I don't care for the lower heel . 
Looks dowdy . 
Oh , well . 
Decent quality , though . 
They're slotted . 
It would be nice if the straps were a little longer . 
Can never go wrong with Carhartt or the look of overalls and I am going to buy another pair soon . 
Did buy two so far and cut one into shorts so hey all you woman out there if you are looking for a substitute for regular ol blue jean shorts buy some and cut em they turn out cute ! 
The fabric feels good . I have trouble with the metal straps . 
They are awkward for my arthritic hands . 
I haven't made or purchased anything that will match it yet . 
sizing is totally off 
I got these size 2 herb colored tights . 
I am 5 ' 5 " tall and weigh 134 pounds . 
These were just right for me . 
I like these Hue opaque tights for summer as they are lighter weight and more feminine and the thicker tights . 
They fit true to size . 
They still haven't gotten a run in the visible areas of the tights , so I'm continuing to wear them , but I am still on the look out for a sturdier product . 
The purchase came quickly and in good condition . 
I would recommend this seller to my friends . 
how hard is it to find cotton BLUE socks . 
oh my . 
however , there was a bit of a hole by the top seam that i darned ( oh my ) but other than that one pair , they've been holding up really well with a million washings 
I just opened this package of socks . 
Goldtone Bermuda Combed Cotton socks . 
I do find them to be a little thicker than the usual cotton socks of this type that I find in the stores . 
Overall , first impressions are really good . 
Except : I am not happy that the socks are only 50 % cotton , when I was specifically looking for socks with 80 to 99 % cotton content . 
The content is 50 % cotton , 31 % acrylic , 18 % nylon , 1 % spandex . 
I work hard to avoid buying plastic products . 
You can buy socks made in the USA . 
( February 28 , 2014 ) . 
Update : I contacted Amazon and They refunded my money . 
They also said that they would check into the problem . 
I hope they do ! 
So , so far , a five-star response from Amazon . 
They also shrink when washed ( and I do wash them in COLD water ) , and I need to stretch them with my hands before putting them on . 
They were also expensive for an Amazon sock product . 
A waste of money . 
The original pairs that I bought years and years ago are finally wearing out . 
Bought these for my daughters ' uniforms . 
Good basic socks that are holding up so far . 
Don't need to spend more for daily wear . 
They wash up and dry easily overnight . 
Sometimes have to use the hair dryer to get them completely dry . 
We will be buying more of them in the future ! 
The elastic at the top is almost nonexistent so they constantly fall . 
The fabric is thinner than I expected . 
They aren't even that cheap . 
I expected more . 
I regret this purchase . 
These fit the bill , he loves them ! 
HE CHOSE THEM AND HE RARELY CHOSES ANYTHING WE BUY . 
will buy more as they disappear in laundry room . 
lol 
Fit is comfy and as expected . 
I like the varied colors , and will be purchasing more soon . 
I liked them a lot and would buy them again . 
I also wear then around the house in the morning and evenings with my slippers in the winter . 
good material , and they fit once I stretched them out . 
it's just strange because I have smaller feet . 
i wear a size 7 womens and these were tight on me for awhile . 
i was hoping the material would be more fuzzy and wooly for a winter style but they're kinda just plain socks 
I ( like another reviewer ) thought they would all be denim color . 
These are the best lighter weight socks I've owned in a long long time . 
Wished these were 100 % cotton . 
These are exactly what I wanted . 
I can't say I have anything negative to say about it . 
They fit me right up to my knee and that is simply what I wanted . 
They stay up and are made well . 
I own several different styles buy these fit like a glove . 
They are shapeless and have very little cushion . 
They are like a short version of tube socks . 
They fit well and are well cushioned . 
They fit but next time I might try the larger size to allow for shrinking . 
And , these Gold Toe's fit the bill . 
These are great quality for the money . 
The elastic seems to last so I'm not constantly pulling up sox that are creeping down my ankle into my shoe . 
I will be ordering more . 
Definitely recommend . 
I just wish the heels were a little thicker as I have narrow heels and my foot slides a lot . 
Tough to find shoes that fit . 
The heels wears out due to the constant rubbing . 
I got these for my teen daughter . 
They are thicker than I anticipated and seem to be very soft and good quality which is why I love the Gold Toe brand ! 
These shrank . 
Possibly a knock off or cheap imitation ? 
They fit well , feel soft and at the same time sturdy : they wash well and don't lose shape , they'll last a very long time . 
I own several styles and colors of Gold toe socks . 
I will continue to buy them 
They are the best socks to wear around the house or out walking . 
Only a few stores sell them locally and it seems like when I check in to buy the socks there is only one pair left . 
What can I say . 
These do well when I do not want my feet to get too hot . 
they wick well , stay in place . 
don't bunch up 
These are better than the all-cotton socks I've worn for years . 
I think they're well worth the price . 
But they've been great , with no poke-throughs or threadbare spots to speak of.My complaint is that the elastic on some is beginning to break down , leading the sock to collapse inside of the boot , which is about as uncomfortable and annoying as a sock collapsing while wearing a normal shoe , and then some . 
Gold Toe Windsor Wool Over the Calf sock is a blend of 50 % wool and is a thin dress sock . 
I do not like these socks , The material makes your feet sweat , and your feet slide around in your shoes . 
The toe seem is very uncomfortable . 
They do stay in place . 
I WEAR A SIZE 11 SHOE AND MOST SOCKS ARE TOO SMALL AND GET EATEN BY MY SHOES ... SO IRRITATING WHEN SOCKS GET WADDED UP IN THE BOTTOM OF MY SHOES ! 
DEFINATELY WORTH THE MONEY ! 
I expect two things from white socks - be thick enough to jog and stay up on my legs . 
These do neither ! 
I'm just lucky I didn't waste more money by buying more socks ... 
Ordered the wrong sock style . 
My son will only wear soft socks and I meant to order the crews , so had to send these back and order the right style , that is the only reason for the low rating . 
These have a plain thickness sole and do not change the fit of most shoes . 
I was very disappointed with this purchase . 
Tissue then sock advertised as " fluffies " . 
I have purchased " fluffies " before and they were twice the thickness of what I received . 
Given the poor quality , I would have expected twice the quantity for what I paid . 
I would not buy again . 
I have been wearing gold toe for over 40 yrs ; the fluffy series is what I wear and they last for many years - well satisfied 
Husband needs a long sock to wear in fire station duty boots and well as in bunker boots . 
This sock is purposeful for both . 
The longer / large size makes them last longer , as after 30 washings , they do indeed shrink . 
Well , yes I am.You shouldn't have to think about socks much . 
But the wrong socks can make you uncomfortable , or annoyed . 
Instead of not thinking about your feet at all.These are my perfect socks for winter wear and for walking shoes . 
In black , they're fine with work and casual trousers . 
It's hard to find knee high socks in a heavier weight with nice padding in the foot . 
I hate how they creep around between calf and ankle . 
My socks are either low-cuts or knee highs . I'm a tallish woman with about average sized feet , and these socks fit . 
Gold Toe is a quality brand.Note : the socks are just a bit large / roomy on my feet , but not enough to be a problem . 
But mostly I just put the socks on , and then my shoes , with no fuss . 
They wash and dry without thinning and we'll order them again . 
They are not paper thin like many of the athletic socks you find now . 
I've washed them a few times , and they seem to be holding up quite well . 
I will be purchasing more of these . 
A brand you know and can trust . 
Why mess with something when it works for you . 
I really like these socks . 
It's hard to find sweat-absorbent , athletic socks that have no toe seam . 
These and the Under Armor socks are the only ones i could find that are " seamless " in this regard . 
While there is a line where the toe seam is , it's not a bump that can cause blisters like most socks . 
These are exactly what I was looking for . 
My boyfriend wanted a pair of socks he could wear to work , but aren't as thin as dress socks . 
:) 
Haven't washed them yet , but they fit very well straight out of the package . 
They seem sturdy and have the little bit of thickness I like - especially in the winter . 
I wish the size was more in the 9 range . 
It's a little large , like most socks , but a better sock ( in my opinion than Hanes ) Will purchase again when necessary . 
If this is your size range , buy these . 
These are my favorites because the gold toe makes them easiest to match together , and they are softer and last longer than other brands I've tried . 
I think Gold Toe will be all I'll buy going forward . 
I try other brands but always come back to Gold Toe . 
They are long lasting and now you can also get them in black which I also ordered . 
A very luxurious feel , soft and thick , and they give the impression that they will last for a while . 
I wear a size 10 1/2 shoe , and these fit great . 
Cheaper brands wear out at the heel in a very short time . 
I am very happy and so are my feet . 
I had a 6 - pack of these socks before ( but couldn't remember where I got them ) and I wore them completely out over the years . 
When I started looking for them again I turned to Amazon ( where you can get everything but a haircut ) . 
I was glad to see they had them and at a reasonable price . 
I hope this 6 - pack lasts as long as my previous one . 
The only kind he'll wear . 
They fit well and really hold their shape . 
Would recommend they were a good price . 
good quality and quck ship . 
These socks are very comfortable to wear and they fit snugly to my feet and lower legs . I'm glad I bought them . 
Said they were really good . 
I was looking to replace my now old collection of white athletic socks , some were Gold Toe and my favorites . 
I wear them daily . 
He is also impressed with the fact that the tops of his socks stay in place . 
These socks are extremely well-made . 
They really stay up and have excellent reinforcement of the toes . 
They fit very well and feel great and do everything socks should do . 
They last a long time . 
so I wear a size 10.5 shoe and have what I think is a normal calf sizebut at the end of a work day I have crush marks on my leg where they are too tightthese seem to be small , at least when newI hope after multiple washing / drying they stretch out 
I love the fit and feel of these socks but they very quickly fade from washing . 
They're a bit too expensive to fade after just a handful of washes so I can only give three stars . 
I wear a size 13 shoe , and many socks are sized 6-12 . 
Have only washed once , but they came out of the dryer looking and fitting just as well . 
Finally I have found socks that fit my son's feet . 
What a joy to know they fit and I know where to purchase them . 
I would recommend these shoes to family and friends . 
Going forward , I'll be looking first for Gold Toe socks to wear with sneakers or casual footwear . 
my dad got me buying these socks they are great , they don't rolled down you leg like other socks I have got . 
The fit in the foot area is ample . 
However , the fit in the calf area is too tight . 
They even look like they were made for men with skinny legs . 
I ended up cutting them off above the ankle so they would be reasonable comfortable . 
I usually only wear white socks . 
Like all of the time . 
But a little while ago my wife busted my chops because I was wearing black pants , shirt , shoes and all , but I was wearing white socks . 
:-) 
Extremely comfy and reliable socks , as I've come to expect from the gold toe line . 
As I've grown older , the socks available at most places have grown thinner ( and don't tell me it's my weight , or because I've grown bigger ! ) . 
So I tried these based on descriptions and reviews here.Amazon always comes through for me ! 
If you prefer a crews sock , these are worth every penny . 
What I like about these socks as the high level of comfort . 
No rubbing or chaffing . 
These socks are my favorites . 
I live in Michigan's Upper Peninsula and recently wore them outside in tennis shoes to shovel snow for a couple hours in low teen temperatures and my feet didn't get cold . 
I'll wash them in cold water to retard any shrinkage . 
I will order again . 
I bought the extended size ( 12-16 ) of these socks , and they are a little tight on my foot . 
I haven't even washed them yet ... so I expect it to get worse . 
At least they don't slide down into my shoe . 
well this is the umpteen pair of socks I have tried and they holding up well since purchase , which has been about 6-8 months , which is pretty good for socks nowadays . 
I will keep you posted as time goes on , for now 3 stars for wear . 
My husband only wears Gold Toe socks . 
They wear extremely well , lasting a long time . 
These are the exact socks I wanted . I hate the socks that are really long , but can't stand the ones that fall into your shoes . 
For the price I paid I expected a decent quality product . 
What I got is comparable to socks you can buy at the local flea market at $ 5 for a dozen pair . 
These ' Big and Tall ' Quarter socks designed to fit people who wear shoes size 12-13 just fit my size 13 foot . 
Putting them on I can see then pulling thin at every seam already . 
At one point I could actually see my flesh between the threads at the toe seam and in the heel cup . 
I have little hope of these lasting very long but since I don't often wear shoes / sneakers and socks I'm just going to keep them and switch to a different brand when these eventually apparently quite rapidly fall apart . 
{ Update } Wore and washed these socks . 
2nd time I went to wear a pair one of the socks completely fell apart at the ribbed shaft . 
I know I said I expected them to fall apart but I thought I'd get more than one use out of each sock . 
The only bright side is Amazon's amazing customer service who have already issued a refund for the cost of the socks less than 12 hours after I contacted them.Avoid these socks . 
Will buy again . 
I didn't think it would be so hard to find a good pair of white sock but after I purchased some one of our local stores and felt the low quality I searched and found these . 
I've been wearing these for decades it seems , no complaints and I'll continue getting them in either black or white . 
Dont know why anyone complained , these socks ROCK compared to the hanes bull crap out there ! 
I will buy nothing other than these from now on 
good sock , what can I say . 
Only thing slightly negative would be that its thin material , BUT i use them in the summer time and thin material is cooler ! 
But its a good sock AND for people with bigger feet ! 
They fit great and are actual ankle socks unlike some who say ankle socks and come up high . 
I needed something that would be at least shoe size 13 and fit a little loose and these do . 
They are a little thin compared to many athletic socks but no complaints from me . 
I will be purchasing these kind from ow on 
Put them on , put your socks over them , put on your shoes , walk five minutes , take off your shoes , take off your socks , re-install these useless tubes , put your socks back on , put your shoes back on . 
Repeat until you throw the sock liners away and get some good silk ones . 
What can I say , they do the job they were intended to do and I would recommend . 
I do not feel the need to write much about socks . 
They fit . 
End of story . 
I have size 14/15 feet , and bought these socks for when I'm wearing athletic shoes with shorts ( very stylish , right ? ) . 
The problem is , after walking around for a few hours , they start to feel like they're slipping off of my foot and down into my shoe . 
They're comfortable and seem to be of decent quality , except the fit . 
I would not order them again . 
The eraser works pretty well , but the brush is not stiff enough in my opinion . 
ORDERED A SIZE 12 THE SIZE I ALWAYS WERE FIT GREAT IF YOU TAKE CARE OF THEM BUY THE KIT THEY RECOMMEND FOR THEM VERY LITE WEIGHT AND WORTH THE MONEY YOU WILL SPEND . 
JOHN I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM IT , S BEEN A VERY COLD WINTER IN MICHIGAN COULD NOT BE HAPPYER WITH THE AUSTRALIA UGG , S . 
JOHN 
This is good for supporting after birth or for long periods standing.Not flex able for sitting yet is just the support needed after surgery such as c-section . A good purchase but is a little bulky and stiff . 
Possibly will soften w / use.Overall better than what I have seen in local stores . 
This works well except if you have a few more inches in the waist . 
it pushes up your back fat ( uh , yes , I now have post pregnancy back fat ) and leaves unsightly bulges under you clothes . 
You can also see it clearly under your clothes unless you wear bulky loose fitting tops . 
This is stiff and did not fit . 
I couldn't wear it at all , which was frustrating having just got home from the hospital and needing support . 
I was worried when I ordered that it would be too small or large , however , I'm always a 7.5 and I ordered that , and that's exactly what I received . 
Nothing loose or tearing . 
I bought these to wear with jeans on the weekends , but they are too uncomfortable to wear . 
Very stiff . 
I'll try washing them with fabric softener , but I think they're just a waste of money . 
They pinch all the way around even though they're a little big . 
I tried adjusting the string , but no luck . 
Wouldn't buy again , and wouldn't recommend . 
My niece needed some ballet shoes for a school play . 
These were prefect . 
My daughter wears a size 8 so we bought an 8.5 . 
Should have bought a size 9 or 9.5 . 
I bought the 9.5 W and they fit great on her feet . 
She loves putting them on and wants to wear them all the time . 
I take this as a good sign for the shoes . 
Would recommend them as they fit as expected . 
Not much to say hearer . 
Serviced Little # 1 for ballet . 
These are classic pink ballet shoes . 
My daughter wears a 10 in street shoes brands like Stride Rite and these fit great in a 10 . 
She outgrew a 9.5 in her ballet shoes from another manufacturer reinforcing my assumption that these are true to size . 
In reading the reviews it appears that people buying smaller sizes ( 7,8 ) experienced the sizing issues but others with slightly older girls ( 4 and 5 year olds with bigger feet ! ) 
Great price and quick shipping.You do have to pull the strings to make them fit the foot properly . 
My 3 1/2 year old daughter grew out of her size 9.5 Bloch Bunnyhop slippers . 
They are fine , but a little on the big side . 
The laces are ridiculously long , so they come untied a lot . 
I guess it's good to have room to grow . 
We have a smaller size of these shoes in pink . 
We ordered a half size up as suggested for these and they are perfect ( my daughter wears a 9 in regular shoes , we got a 9.5 in these ) . 
They tend to run a little big . 
I was worried I would get the wrong size , but it fits just as expected . 
Listen to the description about getting a half size bigger ( Or whatever it said , I can't remember ) . 
Just follow the sizing instructions and you wont ' go wrong . 
I always love Capezio's product , either in clothing or shoes . 
They fit just right , what I love most is that they come with the elastic already sewn on . 
Years ago , the elastic came separately and you have to sew it on , such a hassle , now no more hassle , and the shoes are made better too . 
I recommend ordering at least 3 sizes bigger than what you would normally wear . 
They were soft and pliable . 
Good quality leather ballet shoe . I ordered up from street shoe size ( in my girls case 1 and a half sizes up ) and then they fit without toe squeeze , which is nice for little ones.As they grow a bit the shoe gets more snug on the foot ( as ballet shoes are supposed to be ) but they remain comfortable for a long while due to the leather being s soft . 
After reading the reviews , I purchased the shoes 2 sizes up , and they just baty fit . 
I am hoping she breaks them in as she wears them . 
My daughter is 3.5 and wears a 7-8 shoe depending on the brand ( usually a 7 ) . 
I bought the 9N Toddler . 
They really are adorable , though , and if she grows out of them , I'll just buy the next size up , sonde I now have a feel for the sizes . 
My daughter is between a size 10-11 . 
She has some shoes both sizes . 
I ordered up based on some other reviews . 
I've NEVER had a problem with shoes being too wide for this child . 
Second time around I went 10.5 Narrow . 
They fit great , snug with a little room to grow . 
But , it's hard to buy shoes / clothes online and expect a perfect fit . 
Overall I'm very happy , Amazon Prime made the return hassle free . 
I ordered a 7.5 which is what my daughter wears . 
One shoe was tight , the other was so small I couldn't even get it on her foot . 
I returned them and got the 8 . 
These are slightly too big . 
I ordered a 2M for my 8 year old who is wearing a 1 in regular shoes . 
She has a narrow foot , so I am going to exchange for a 2N and hope that fits . 
I'm not even sure why they are on there except for decoration , in which case , why make them out of elastic that refuses to stay tied ? 
I'm ordering a 11.5 M now and hope that does the trick ! 
The straps are already attached so I just slipped them on and hit the floor . 
I'm glad there's a slipper that is reliable so that whenever I break or lose a pair I can order on Amazon without worries and get a new pair by the next dance event . 
It fits and feels great ! 
Semper Fi ! 
NO ONE MAKES A DRESS SHIRT THAT WILL FIT . 
NECK 17 ARMS NO LONGER THAN 32 , BUT WHO CARES ? 
Could easily become one of my favorite fall lounge-around shirts . 
. 
. 
. 
and it's cotton . 
He prefers long sleeves to keep his arms clean and free of liquids ( mechanic ) and oil , etc . 
Attractive quality at a decent price . 
I will be buying him more in the future . 
Winter just got a little warmer . 
Just remember to order two because it's cold outside . 
They are 100 % cotton so a little big is good , they will shrink eventually . 
The only drawback to such nice , bright colors is that they run A LOT at the beginning so they have to be washed only with like colors . 
These are perfect for sparring , running and doing all kinds of exercise . 
My boyfriend works at a garage / gas station where it can be cold and damp half the year . 
This jacket protects from the elements , including the rain ( though it is rain proof on the inside so it can get very heavy ! ) 
Loaded with pockets and I like pockets for all my junk . 
Great product for the money 
Excelent product . 
I recommend to latin people buy one smaller size . 
Enough pockets to store items . 
I like these shirts . 
I wish they were wrinkle free but if you put them in the dryer on a medium heat for about 5 minutes it will take most out . 
I love the pockets and a place to stash little things . 
Word of warning however , these run large in my opinion . 
Forgot to mention the collars are velcro so you don't have that small hard to manipulate button like most shirts that have button down collars.Great buy and price ! 
Fit is a little loose-but who wants a tight shirt when the weather is hot ? 
I wear it to do yard work and on bicycle rides . 
I'm glad I went to a local cap shop to check sizes before I bought . 
The hat shop wanted $ 50 plus tax , so the price I paid was very reasonable . 
JOHN 
I usually wear a size 8 in a tennis shoe so I decided to buy a size 9 and I'm glad I did . 
It gave me a little wiggle room for my toes . 
I had to really loosen it before I could get them on . 
Now that I have the laces where I want them I just undo and redo the buckles to get them on and off . 
The more you wear them the easier this becomes . 
They may seem sort of stiff when you first get them , but I've worn them four or five times now for a few hours each time and they're becoming easier and easier to put on . 
These boots were originally designed for women with small calves so if you have larger calves you will have to adjust them to get them where you need them to be . 
All in all I really love these boots and can't wait to wear them this Halloween . 
I am really glad I purchased these boots . 
They fit true to size and look incredible , these photos do not do the product justice . 
Pleaser is a brand that never fails to impress me , and I will definitely continue to purchase footwear from them . 
No kidding on the title . 
These Kangol hats are the type of hat that if you get used to wearing , you will feel naked without . 
The main thing to know is I bought this 504 in a XXL because I wear a 7 3/4 baseball cap , but it's a bit big on me . 
I bought the XL in the 507 and it fit much better . I liked the 507 a little better overall , but I'm still going to get a couple of these 504s too , in XL size . 
The quality is nice , the material feels durable and they really do go with nearly any outfit . 
Recommended the most for balding men or bald men , especially head shavers like myself . 
It also takes away the frustration of trying to buy a baseball cap these days , not knowing whether to order a flat brim and trying to bend it or going with a low crown , pre-bent . 
Seems sturdy enough and the finish is nice too . 
The clasps are better than most so I'm perfectly content with my purchase . 
I needed a darker finish chain and this one fit the bill to a T . 
I ordered 18 " but wouldn't hesitate to order it in the longer lengths . 
They are cute and comfy . 
Yes a little hard rubber , but what do you expect . 
I have a bunion on left foot so they are a little sore if I wear all day . 
I had bought them a long time ago in size 5 and this time I bought size 6 and they fit exactly the same . 
Construction quality on these is sub-par . 
They are somewhat thin and stitching came apart at the crotch very easily . 
For a few more bucks there are better thermals out there , but I suppose if you are looking for quantity over quality these are an okay choice . 
Long underwear , not much to say . 
It is what it is . 
They do run quite small so my suggestion is to buy 2 sizes up ! 
! 
I frequently travel to hot , muggy parts of Asia and hoped these would be a great alternative to bulky cotton t-shirts to wear under my suits . 
Unfortunately in a medium size they are too loose - the neck looks rumpled ( even after light ironing ) and they just don't have a good enough appearance peeking up through the open neck of a dress shirt . 
At $ 30 each I hoped to then repurpose them as stand-alone t-shirts for working out or wearing as a casual throw-on during off-times . 
To my disappointment , they fail this purpose as well ( at least in the white color ) as they are so thin you can see your " nipples " and chest hair through the sheer material of the shirt . 
Back to the drawing board . 
Worthy of the ExOfficio name . 
Washed easily in the sink and dried easily overnight . 
It's the best thing out there . 
If you don't have any , go buy some . 
You'll never go back . I bought this shirt because it was made from the same stuff as the underwear . 
Which shouldn't come as a surprise , because that's what the underwear look like too . 
I guess I thought it would be a little different . 
I got these for dapper day at Disneyland . 
I must say that I wish I had gotten skinner suspenders but for the price who can complain ? 
Stay snapped thus holding up the pants and are or looks like good quality also . 
Ordered another pair as back up 
I have a number of suspenders and I much prefer these belt clip on to the metal clip on to the pants . 
The metal clip ons inevitably spring loose and they take a bit to put on . 
If one has to sit down on the toilet , one spends a bit of time getting your pants back on and suspendered properly . 
The belt on never springs loose and can be put on easily with pants on which makes the bathroom issue disappear . 
My one complaint is they only sell the navy blue here on Amazon . 
As much a I love BH this belt let me down . 
Didn't stay at the tension I out it on at and I'd have to re adjust too . 
Simple straight forward tension belt no velcro at all . 
The material is simple ballistic nylon weave belt . 
The width of the belt is my only problem it really could be about a 1/4 " less to make it more comfortable and fit better in belt loops like jeans etc . 
This barely fits into my jeans due to the width of the belt . 
Too many of the riggers belts now have huge ends on both sides ... if you don't want to re-string the thing every time you wear a pant with less than 2 " belt loops ... then you need something with " just a belt " on one end - like this.Simple , classic mechanism that works fine . 
The material is breathable , and they seem to hold up well in training venues . 
The first one I got stopped ticking they immediately sent me a replacement . 
Good watch ! 
And it's cute , but feels weird if you sweat or have your arms wet from hand washing . 
I am a nursing student and this watch is just what I needed . 
It has a pretty large face with easy to see numbers . 
I love that it has the military time since I haven't quite gotten that down yet.The band is a little stiff at first but softens up quickly . 
I like that it doesn't have a bunch of grooves or material that can harvest bacteria.The only down side ( for me ) is how loud it is . 
! 
Very pleased with the purchase . 
Beats Fruit of the Loom . 
I have tried both of them , and here are my comparisons . 
These Calvin Kleins are more thick and feel a little more " heavy " compared to the Hanes , which are thin and feel a litter lighter compared to CK . 
Secondly , Hanes are tagless . 
You would expect a big and someone what " expensive " brand like CK to make the switch to tagless , but so far they haven't . 
Lastly , all waistebands are white . 
I do not know if that is a plus or minus for you , but for me , I would like them to match . 
I always wear Calvin Klein briefs but usually the low cut ones I ordered these basic briefs by mistake and didn't know it till it was too late but there ok I just like them a little lower there still awesome briefs 
These are the only underwear I wear . 
Second purchase . 
Shirts run long ( they are a little big , same sizing as nautica shirts ) , quality is ok considering you are getting 3 shirts . 
Nice thin shirts great for cool weather . 
If you have a square body like sponge bob square pants , this is your T shirt , it will fit you like a glove , if like everyone else on earth you have a rectangular torso AVOID this T shirt ! 
It is a joke how badly these are shaped , and cheaply made , an absolute joke ! 
I bought these as undershirts to wear under a dress shirt and tucked into dress pants or khakis.After a couple washes these shrunk in length and now I have the annoying problem of the shirt becoming untucked or wrinkled up at my belt line.If you are looking for a casual v-neck to wear untucked with jeans or whathaveyou , these might do the trick . 
As an undershirt , I will stick with the the Dockers V-necks . 
My husband wears these under his work shirts and around the house as pajamas . 
They're soft , comfortable and tag free . 
Very pleased . 
I think it's a good idea to spend more money on things that you use all the time . 
I've tried these on a few times before buying them . 
I bought another two sets from Marshalls and they appeared to be the exact same product but fit a lot looser . 
They are very comfortable and I kept both . 
I like these better than fruit of the loom or hanes . 
Then I get this weird bulge around my waste . 
These are the best undershirts I've tried tho . 
These t-shirts are nice enough to wear as shirts with shorts for hot weather . 
Nice fabric , very fresh , however does seems to run a little big . 
I order a medium being a 6ft guy however next time ( there will be a next time ) i'm buying them small 
It is too large to wear  I will wear it when I sleep  I buy it for it named CK , whatever , ... 
These shirts are luxuriously soft . 
They are much softer than the Hanes shirts I bought recently . 
I will buy only these from now on . 
I looked high and low to find THE perfect tank for my husband . 
He absolutely loves these and says they are so soft . 
They are nice and long . 
We just bought another pack of these . 
The first pack of these I bought long ago , and they've lasted me for three years . 
I do wish they made these in XLT , as with a long torso and some belly they aren't quite long enough to be tucked into lower rise jeans . 
I am 6 ' 2 " and 195 . 
I wear a 42 long and have a 34-36 waist . 
( depends on the brand . ) 
We're sorry , but now I evaluate the product . 
Very good product , the long-awaited . 
He is medium built , 5 ' 8 " . 
The jacket is light weight . 
I actually replaced a female Columbia jacket with this as my mom didn't like the sculpted fit of the female version . 
I will be buying more for friends . 
But for women who need the extra help , this bra will be a disappointment , as it actually makes your bust line look smaller ( not flat ) . 
No drooping or sagging . 
So far so good and recommended for bigger busted gals who are looking for support without the extra bulk . 
Very nice bra but the only problem is I ordered it at least a size too small .. 
So I would just say if you want to try this bra order it in one or two sizes larger . 
It is very hard to find ear muffs like this these days , so I was very pleased to find a good quality product at such a reasonable price .. 
Who would have thought we'd need ear muffs in Florida this year at times ? ! ? 
Glad I ordered them . 
I purchased this visor to replace one I thought I had lost . 
Fortunately I found it ! 
This visor is small , short and white under the bill . 
My original visor is about 2 inches longer at the bill and black underneath . 
This one is for kids ! ! 
! 
i liek this hat alot its cute and is just as the pic shows , i usually wear it when i have a bad hair day but i had a look thats why i originally bought it 
With the horrible winter we just had , I am so glad I bought this hat . 
This is a really nice chain . 
It is exactly what I was hoping for . 
Exactly as described . 
I sent it back and got a refund . 
It looks nice and does not tangle for this thin size . 
However , the padding could be a bit thicker . 
Overall , a good purchase ... 
I say natural because I can't imagine that implants weigh as much as mine , if they did NO ONE would get them ! This is one of the few bras that can keep big breasts contained . I just had this silly thought using the word ' contained ' , as if they were wild animals trying to escape , but honestly , if you are well endowed and looking for a sport bra , I bet you DO feel that way sometimes ! 
Girlfriend , try this bra.It looks great under clothes , very smooth . 
Jiggle is down to minimum , as is backache . 
Based on reviews , I went up in the band size for comfort , but the smaller band size actually would have been better . 
Even knowing that , I'm guilty.Lastly , this bra is a good value . 
In my opinion , if you have a full cup size , and try a bargain bra , it just ain't gonna work , sister ! 
I don't know how this product is a 40in band . 
I couldn't even get it on . 
Returned , the band sizing runs very small , so size up ? 
These thinks are awesome . 
Throw them on when you don't know what the heck you are going to end up doing . 
Doesn't look cheap . 
Looks like you don't have time for a bunch of dang buttons . 
Also , when girls take them from you , you can just order another one . 
! 
I bought this to replaced my cheap plastic one with a quality one . 
I don't know why I never bought this before . 
I'm a large muscular broad-shouldered 6 ' 2 guy and this shirt fit great.It is very comfortable and easy to care for . I will buy more in varying colors . 
They go with me on cruises , tours and around the house . 
There is nothing that makes feel sexier than wearing a crotchless panty under your clothes . 
Combine this with the Swiss Miss Open Tip Bra , and you have the kind of outfit that will drive him crazy . 
( Review of Jezebel Crotchless Panty ) 
Everyone has a different body type but I ordered mine fit to size and they fit I read some of the comments about theirs being too big They were a little loose but not really I would order your normal size These are cute and comfortable ! 
After a lot of pulling and tugging and stretching , I got these tights to go on comfortably . 
I'm 5 ' 5 " and 140 lbs , and they barely fit me at first , beware if you are a larger lady ! 
So , I looked too long for mesh bags . 
This bag is fine . 
It barely holds two big pool towels and some bathing suits . 
The bag straps could easily rip off if you keep stuffing this simple bag with too much . 
This bag is great for parent / kid suit , two pairs of flip flops , two peshtemals ( not bulky towels ) , and two cover ups . 
The title pretty much covers the whole review .. 
I purchased it for $ 5 at Christmastime . 
I was planning on using to carry dishes from table to sink to wash . ( I use a wheelchair ) . 
If you just keep it dry , it's an ok bag . 
She saw this on line so I got it for her . 
I do recommend this product , great price too . 
I got these because I wanted something cute but with foot support . 
These are ideal . 
Would buy again . 
I ordered a size 8 and it was a little big . 
It's comfortable ( I had no issue with the bands round smooth thickness ) and get lots of comments . 
Can't wait to get my new ring ... hope it looks the same . 
it looks so nice on the model , but when i openedthe package i was so disappointed . 
it just is madeof a cheap cotton material that looks like somethingyou'd buy from a 5 & dime store . 
Just junk.Don ' t waste your money . 
She is just a tad on the plus side , but the Sarong was still plenty big enough . 
She was already the hottest thing at the pool this year , now she's doing it with style & taste . 
I purchased this sarong for a trip to Maui and wore it everyday as a cover up for going to the beach / pool . 
It looked great and dried quickly . 
This sarong is very pretty . 
Love how you can make this a skirt or a dress / cover up ! 
I'm not sure what else I can say about this . 
You can almost never go wrong with a sarong . 
This sarong is such a pretty color ! I am actually using is as a Summer Weight blanket for my little dog but I am jealous because it's so pretty ... I think I'll have to buy another one for myself ! 
;P 
I was so pleased I have ordered one for my wife . 
I am 5 ' 10.5 " 175 # . 
The XL worked best for my liking but the one size fit too . 
I really like this robe . 
It seems to be well made and sturdy in the washing machine . 
I've snagged mine a lot but that's to be expected with the terry loop . 
I am 5 ' 7 and weigh approximately 140 pounds . 
I consider myself to be of average build for a woman so the OSFM sizing is a little off . 
I personally thought the cotton would be softer , but will wash it a few times and see how it feels . 
If your looking for a good heavy robe , this should fit the bill . 
This robe is even better ! 
I purchased L / XL , it is big , but that's what I wanted . 
Wow ! 
This a great buy ! 
I own lots of expesive divers including Breitling and Rolex . 
I purchased this one for my job as a daily beater , I'm a commercial diver and I have had this watch to 255ft with no problems ! 
people complain about accuracy and that is pure crap ! 
unless you have a timer you will never notice a plus or minus 10 seconds a day ! 
I hate desk divers ! ! ! 
I have seen better straps on wal mart specials ! 
the buckle is pure garbage it broke the first time i cranked it down over a wet suit ! 
it was a easy fix to a better strap though so no sweat ! 
buy this watch , its great and cheap ! 
! 
I've seen and handled it in a watch store before so I knew what I was getting . 
The bracelet that came with mine has an alignment problem that skews the clasp enough to make it catch . 
So the hinge isn't functioning very smoothly . 
With time , I suspect it will be better . 
Bracelet is comfy but due to the weight of the watch , I had to make it tight on my wrist to prevent the watch from travelling up and down with every arm motion . 
I'd say this is at best a $ 20 bracelet . 
I might get a better replacement bracelet later . 
I've already seen a nicer one on amazon . 
At least for me . 
I tend to flip watches with regularity and I'm really glad I have hung on to this one . 
I've worn mine all day for many days now and its accuracy is about + 5 to 7 seconds per 24 hours . 
I think that's pretty good . 
It is a stunner . 
My wife bought me this watch two Christmases ago . 
To those gentlemen who are lucky enough to receive this time piece from their " Better Half " , you're in for a real treat , So guys : Do the right thing by them ... follow ? 
:) 
good watch 
( Anything over 44 mm is too big--I'm not a large guy . 
The bezel is virtually impossible to turn . 
I don't really care about this , since I don't dive , but I need one of those can grippers or latex gloves to move the thing . 
WAY too tight . 2 . 
You need pretty long fingernails to flip the thing up . 
Maybe a little WD40 spray will alleviate this.Timekeeping is average for an automatic movement watch . 
This is probably Rolex's most popular watch model , their copy ( or tribute , or homage , whatever you like to call it ) of the classic 60 ' s Rolex Submariner dive watch.They ' ve made a fine copy here . 
So if you want a near-perfect Rolex copy , go to that listing instead.Important note : Invicta has an online reputation for QC problems , hit or miss reliability , and lots of exasperated reviewers online complaining about quality problems , broken brand new watches , and poor / nonexistent warranty responses . I've not had any problems myself , but obviously a lot of other people clearly have had problems.There ' s a lot of threads on Invicta quality and QC issues on the various online watch forums ( both pro and con , and a lot of threads on the Invicta 8926 specifically ) . 
Also lots of video reviews online at youTube.My best advice is to make sure you order ( and pay ) in whatever way best guarantees an easy return and refund in case you are unlucky enough to have problems.If you do decide to get the 8926 or the 8926OB coin edge version , consider putting it on a nylon strap of the " original Bond " pattern which is a replica of the one Sean Connery wears with a white tux in the opening scenes of GOLDFINGER . 
A whole cottage industry has grown up around reproducing that 1964 watch strap , and it looks good.Prices on all watches fluctuate wildly from Amazon vendors . 
I see these online for $ 75 - $ 85 shipped . 
No need to overpay . 
Comparison shopping can be a happy surprise.Hope this is helpful . 
Enjoy . 
Unfortunately my girlfriend did not like the watch but I thought it was really nice and APPEARED to be a good quality watch . 
Invicta watches are very nice looking . 
You would expect to pay over 500 dollars for a watch of this caliber . 
! 
The watch is heavy but looks great . 
Will be buying Invicta again , for sure . 
The transaction was smooth , it came in on time and was well packaged . 
I would re-order . 
The watch is in generally good but in reality the size is smaller than you imagine . 
It's ok for me cause I have a very thin wrist , but will you will not be satisfied if you are an average sized wrist guy . 
When I got the watch the second hand was off , and it spaced up IN BETWEEN the second / minute marks on the right side of the watch , from 12 to 6 . 
It was not bad from 6 to 9 and hardly at all from 9 to 12 . 
Then , after a few days , it got worse all around and was not the same each pass . 
In fact , the second hand started to skip , and in some cases fall back a little . 
it was VERY choppy and does not " sweep " but " clicks " Unfortunately the clicking was so bad I could not keep . 
I would have expected more , but from now on will get better quality , and thus have to pay more . 
In o way did this compare to my Citizen and would not buy another Invicta . 
This watch looked great , and could have been great , but you will find other choices . 
As followsInclude a Copy of your purchase invoice with the date on it if you have it.Include a money order issued to Invicta Service Center for the amount of $ 28.00 ( for S ) . 
It will not be returned.Failure to make prior payment arrangements ( money order , check or credit card ) will result in a return of an unrepaired watch.Be advised it may take up to 90 days to receive a watch back from repairSend your watch to : Invicta Service Center 1 Invicta Way ( 3069 Taft St . ) Hollywood Florida , 33021U.S.A.Good Luck ! ! 
! 
I wore this for one day and immediately ordered another one . 
Good support without smashing . 
It does run very slightly small . 
It keeps them separated without digging into your ribs and controls side boobs . 
But the concept is great . 
The straps are a bit bigger than I like but it keeps things in place . 
Low cut shirts are in question but t shirts and sweaters work just fine . 
So comfy that I sleep in mine . 
I don't like the normal stretchy , tight exercise bras . 
This one seems to feel even better after wearing and washing a few times . 
This is the weirdest fitting bra I've ever tried on . 
I will be returning it . 
So awkward . 
It's inexpensive , but its supportive , comfy and wicks away / absorbs moisture like nothing ! 
I do some pretty intense workouts and by the time I get home I'm practically dry . 
I have to agree with another reviewer who said to size up . 
Not only the cup size , the whole thing . 
I realize a sports bra is tighter than other bras , but I can barely breathe with this . 
As it is , they are waaaayyy too big / loose , and I bought the bra size I normally do for sports bras . 
I returned it . 
I read the other reviews about the pointy cups and I don't have that problem . 
I ordered the same size as my regular bra and it seems to fit just fine and is supportive . 
I'm a DD but my breast are kind of high ( not dropping just yet ) so it feels like I don't have a bra on , and not in a good way . 
I bought a 36DD and I don't feel like I have any support , there is no way I could do any type of " sport " in this bra . 
I'm giving 3 stars only because it may have worked if I had ordered a smaller cup size ... But that's not my fault . 
I wear a 34D and , as the ones I had were wearing out , I purchased a 34D . 
I could just BARELY hook it . 
I should have sent it back but I didn't , I just ordered a 36D . 
I would suggest that anyone buying this bra probably should go up a band size . 
Also , the straps are not adjustable but I have never found that to be a problem . 
Most outdoor close are geared towards men's . 
Simmon loved this beanie it matched his shoes and belt , He wears it all the time he will probably order off her again 
These are just what we were looking for , as working in cold , wet working conditions , no matter the rain gear , can be miserable . 
These are not too heavy , fit well , and are toasty ! 
I live in the Northern Midwest , where this winter has been really fracking cold . 
Below 0 as a high cold . 
And I've been wearing long underwear almost every day for the past two months . 
Since I love my Merino Wool socks , and have a couple midweight tops from this same comapany , I figured I would try these , too . 
I bought it for skiing and winter mountain hiking . 
Highly recommend this product . 
Great product ! 
after reading the reviews , they sounded like what i needed for an extended backpacking trip through some low mountains in March . 
they were not necessary during the mild sunny days , or at night when i was zipped up in a very warm sleeping bag , but in the evenings when doing camp chores and the temperature quickly plunged from the 60s down to the 30s , i needed something to stave off the chill that my jacket and pants alone couldnt quite do . 
i have a bunch of old , " polyblend " thermal underwear that are completely outperformed by these , and i will never look back . 
5 stars all the way . 
Over 40 days below zero and I was just laughing the whole time . 
What a difference Merino wool makes . 
A lot people didn't realize they were fake until they looked at it closely . 
It held up well for all the parties I went to . 
One of them broke , but that was only because I accidentally shut it in the car door . 
Oops ! 
I purchased these cigarettes to be used in a play where smoking was called for but we were in a location where we couldn't actually smoke . 
They worked great for what we needed them for . 
The only probably we had is that they only lasted for about 3-5 rehearsals before they no longer " smoked " . 
I wish they would last longer , but they are inexpensive enough that it doesn't cost much to get replacements . 
It works for awhile but oh well they are cheap i can buy morei have no idea why some people wrote bad reviews . 
I guess i was the lucky one . 
:P Worth it , better then the expensive ones :) 
I purchased this for my grandson for Christmas and was very impressed with the weight of this and how real like it was and not a Dollar Store buy . 
The only draw back was it came four weeks after Christmas , by the look of the bag it was in I can under stand why it would be stuck somewhere . 
Good buy . 
but so so big . 
The Daniel Green Women's Dormie slipper in size 8 medium is a classic , dainty bedroom slipper . 
It says 100 % lambs wool in the specs for the scarf .. twice . 
Its 100 % Acrylic . 
But I only knocked it down 1 star because the scarf is actually pretty great . 
I ordered this scarf as a gift .. and I wanted to keep it so bad ! Shipping was great even though I ordered it during the holidays . 
It came on time and the packaging was intact . 
The scarf came sealed in plastic and I fell in love with it ! 
The material is very soft and there's even wool in it . 
The fringes aren't messed up and are just as soft . 
Now ... the Slytherin emblem ... that blew me away . 
I will get myself a Gryffindor one ( because I'm sooo not a Slytherin and yet I don't want people to know that I actually fit into Hufflepuff . 
Ha ! ) 
I bought this for my 5 year old boy a few months ago and wanted to wait for a little while before I write a review . 
The novelty wears out so quickly for most 5 year olds ... 
My little boy has worn it almost every day since I purchased it for him and he even slept in in it for a few nights ! 
We get text messages from NASA about the ISS crossing of our sky and we watch it whenever possible . 
My little boy puts his astronaut suit and salutes the ISS for the few minutes that we can see it clearly in orbit ! 
So far it has not stained or torn anywhere ... well made and gets lots of compliments ( of course it could be because we practically wear it everywhere we go and at least one person is bound to comment on it ! ) . 
If your child loves everything about space this suit is a must have for him / her ! 
I don't know who sized these briefs but they did it all wrong . 
Too much bother to return . 
Lampshades ? 
However , these seem to run larger than they usually do even though I ordered the same size . 
I read the reviews and decided on these panties to try . 
As a guy I feel more sexy and confident wearing panties . 
Hoping to get a bra to match . 
Lol 
I really like how these fit , and the feel is great , , Ordered a size smaller than usual because briefs like this are to baggy in the regular size 
You will have to throw them out of boringness . 
I own probably 10 pairs of these briefs . 
I wash them and hang to dry ; however , occasionally they accidentally get dried on high in the clothes dryer without sustaining shrinkage.They are a good deal for the price , also . 
Wasn't sure I would like the high cut but it worked out fine . 
I ordered 4 pairs of this style , and all fit great but these , , way to small can't understand way this happened ? 
? 
What more can I say ? 
These are the " pants " I reach for when I'm getting dressed each day . 
The others just get pushed to the back of my lingerie drawer . 
I'd buy this product again . 
You will have to throw them out of boringness . 
If they had been more silky I would have given five stars . 
They do feel better after a couple of washings . 
They hit at our natural waist and there are no lines showing . 
Great fit , lovely fabric , well made - I will buy them again . I like the ' natural ' color as well ... but will add some in black the next time . 
I already have a few of these panties , i must say that i love them , they are very soft , and they wear very nice . 
Still , all I really need . 
The quality of the product was good ... however I found that it was a bit small . 
A little tight in the leg . 
No panty lines under your dresses . 
Washes well too . 
Would highly recommend this product to everyone . 
Product was exactly as described . 
Without a second thought , these are my favorite panty . 
My size - I'm a jeans size 26 and I bought a handful of size medium . 
He'll never know they're my lounge underwear ! ! 
;) I looooove them ! Oh , and if you buy Victoria's Secret underwear , the sizing is extremely similar for mediums . 
I'm an XS / S in clothing but a M in these panties . 
And they are totally cute . 
Unless mine were an anomaly , order up at least a size . 
I ordered my normal size and they are strangling . 
And it doesn't appear they can stretch out . 
I'm 5 ' 2 and 108 lbs . 
I was disappointed that the fit was a little snug and the " strings " actually press a little too tightly in on my hips . 
Ordered a size 8 , which is my size but these are huge . 
I also don't really like how slippery and silky they feel . 
I don't feel they are worth the money . 
I didn't really want them anyway . 
I decided to keep it because I have something to match with it otherwise I would have been livid . 
I'm a size XS in everything and I got the small size for this . 
Fits exactly well . 
Can't complain . 
I like the style and fit however the material is what I do not like . 
I prefer the lace version of them and think I will purchase a couple more pairs of those . 
Six pairs all colors quite tight on a heavier calf . 
They did loosen up after washing a few times . 
Nice for thin ladies . 
Probably okay for teens . 
I have ordered several pairs , from different manufacturers , in the recent months & of all of them , these are the worst fit for me . I am 5 ' 4.5 " tall , not overweight at all , with a BMI of 21.5 ... so I know that my calves are not that heavy , although I do have large bones ... maybe that's why ? 
? Anyway , they only reach half-way up the calf , so for what I wanted , they did not fit the bill . 
At least she can get some use out of them ... 
The thickness of the material and quality of workmanship is good . 
However , it is a little bit on the tight side and I do not have big legs . 
I have not tried it again but I think it would be quite tight because it just barely fit me comfortably before it shrank . 
I think the company should make allowance for this shrinkage when making the measurements . 
Otherwise , nobody will buy them again because they will need to be washed and dried . 
They are too thick a material to be just hanged in the clothesline to dry . 
I bought this slip in a nude color , and it spun to the side so much that you could see it hanging out in the armpit . 
I thought maybe it was the way it fit under the dress I had on so I tried it with another dress and the same thing happened . I thought maybe it was just the slip I had so I got a black one . 
Same results . 
Many of the slips now are a super-flimsy fabric that sticks to and rides up on hose and tights , leaving you with a slip that is rolled up around your hips . 
I was worried it would be too loose , but it fit just fine . 
The slip is free of unnecessary decoration so it gives your garments a very clean and smooth finish . 
The slits ( one on each side ) end above the knee so the slip does not bunch up or twist when you walk . 
The slip ends about 6 " above my ankles and the size Large has just enough material to drape nicely over my hips without being clingy or , even worse , too roomy . 
I purchased this bag to take on a trip for Thanksgiving . 
It fit all of the stuff I crammed into it , yet it doesn't fell big and bulky like a backpack . 
This will be my go-to bag for all future trips as well . 
I love your cosmetic bag but I miss having the double ended zipper on the inside large pouch . 
Please add it in your next bag ! 
I was brought it for a high-stress clinical exam ( excelsior ) and it was very reliable . 
I was worried about the numbers showing up as red but I had no problem seeing the time . 
Now I use the watch at work at the hospital and when I go running 
I recommend this . 
Super for the quality ! 
Thank you ! 
It mysteriously switches modes , but easy to get back to the time mode . 
Overall I like this for exercise and work ( timing tests , keeping track of treatment time ) . 
I bought them for a costume and they worked out great . 
Wash and ware . 
I recommend . 
Cuality . 
uncomfortable , and difficult to put on . 
It also runs really small . 
I ordered it because a shoulder injury was making my regular bras hard to put on and take off , but it really didn't work out for me . 
Dont waist your money . 
You can buy a better bra somewhere else . 
It was too small , I am going to try another bra from you . 
I have have found the most bras in my size here . 
A little snug but have been wearing long line bras for a couple of years so it could just be going back to a regular bra feels odd . 
I have a large chest so it's extra difficult . 
I would like it much more if I had gotten a bigger size but then I'm not sure how well the support would be . 
Good construction , I normally wear a 38DD and this was a little tight , returning it and trying a 40DD . 
My measurement of the band area below the breast is 37 inches , after reading online I ordered size 40 , it is somewhat tight but stretches out over time with wear , enough to be comfortable.Be prepared that the cotton will shrink a little so it is a good idea to order up in size , I normally wear a 36 C in most stretchy bras , but ordered a 40 D and could not be happier.The back support area eliminates back bulges and offer great support for back problems . 
The cups fit is as expected but is a lot like the shrink to fit jeans of old.So , measure the area beneath the breast , order up to 4 inches higher , Order up in cup size , if you are a C cup , order D , If you are a D cup or larger I would recommend ordering up to two cups larger to allow for shrinkage.The cups offer great modesty without padding . 
I didn't know what size to order so I ordered up a size and it is a bit too big but I'm OK with that . 
The straps are a little longer than I expected , but I'm only 5 ' 0 " so that's fine too . 
Very pretty , very comfie , very well made . 
Me gusta ! 
Size and material just as vendor stated . 
Very satisfied with purchase . 
Thank U . 
I am 5 ' 10 " tall , about 175lbs and wear a size 12-14 . 
Bra size is 34C . 
Got the 42 in this slip and while it's a little roomy all around , it works well under my summer weight dresses . 
Didn't want it to be tight on me , and the material is so light there are no visible wrinkles or bunches through the dress . 
Probably could have sized down a little , but wasn't worth the return shipping hassle . 
Measurably improves the overall line of any dress I put on . 
For years I've been looking for a black version of a sexy slip ( like the one Liz Taylor wore in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof ) and this slip is very close . 
I gave it 4 stars ( not 5 ) because the adjustable straps are very short ( not a problem for me but could be for others ) . 
I suppose this is a manufacturing , quality control issue . 
I still love the slip and would pay more money for a higher quality version . 
This slip has me strutting around the bedroom like a blonde Maggie the Cat . 
This cami is a bit thin so you'll need to wear a bra underneath , but it's very pretty and I know I'll wear it often . 
I wear a 36D bra and thought the size 38 would fit and perhaps even be too large . 
I was very disappointed when I tried on one of the camisoles . 
It was tight in the bra area and much too small in the lower skirt . 
Frustrating ! 
I prefer this product over others due to gathered bodice . 
I regret not ordering this in beige color rather than another good but not as good product . 
Oh , wait , I have bought these again ! I have six pairs of these and wear a pair nearly daily under my work dresses . 
I have found that some of them are tearing where the lace meets the nylon , but those are my older ones ( I've had some for nearly a year now ) . 
It's a yellow-ish white . 
To me it's a little bigger than I expected , when I wear it , it slides down to my hips . 
I highly recommend this product . 
I thought this gown was so pretty and feminine so I ordered two . 
When I took the gown out of the wrap I was shocked at how wrinkled it was , a sure sign that the material wasn't good quality . 
It was thin and flimsy , not at all like the picture shows it looking . 
It looks like it would be flowy with a heavier type of material , it wasn't at all . 
Very disappointed and they make you pay for the return , waste of money either way , not a good value at all . 
Really pleased with the fit ! 
Fitted through the bodice with a sturdy lace fabric ! 
You would want a housecoat with it , it fairly low cut . 
I like Woolite for my nightgowns . 
So hard to find the ballet style gowns anymore . 
Thank You Amazon ! 
I feel like I stepped out of the 1950s . 
I bought the robe to go with it to make it into a negligee set . 
I will size down when I repurchase in the future . 
It's not what the picture looked like I can say ok for the price 
The only problem is that it creates static and the material snags . 
I would get this in a couple more colors if I didn't already have so many nightgowns . 
looks great with robe , feels great , and very comfortable.will have more for the summer.great product , just as described 
I went by the measurement guide and ordered accordingly , however the bust / straps are about a size too large and come off more droopy than fitted.Love the feel of the lace at the top and the silky bottom , but it's such a noticeable slump in the strap / bust that I feel I'll have to find a way to take up the straps / alter it . I would recommend ordering a size smaller than the measurements . 
I feel like an angel in this . 
The silky , satiny skirt falls in soft folds and makes me look so graceful . 
I'm going to buy some more just in case they stop making them . 
It's so flattering . 
I had the shoulders shortened about 2 " . 
I think it is more an issue of my build rather than a flaw in the nightgown . 
I am 5 ' 3 , 150lbs , and 36DD . 
Be warned that your breasts will be visible through the lace . 
The length was good for me , too.Yes , as others have mentioned , the fabric is very thin and see-through . 
If you need more modesty , consider purchasing the robe , as well . 
I plan to order more in other colors . 
The item itself is a poor quality item . 
The material isnt good quality cotton . 
Its a thin sheer cotton , Not made to last . 
IMPORTANT - This item comes in a short and a long . 
If you look at the sizes when you order , it does not say short or long . 
I would have needed and wanted a long . 
They sent me a short . 
Its horrible . 
This is the problem im having with the seller . 
They wont respond to my emails about this , I am fed up at this point . 
All in all , the items look pretty but are very poor quality , I understand why people stated their zippers broke , and the material is not worth what they are charging either .. 
I purchased this for my 97 year old Mom and loves it . 
Soft , colors are nice , fit ok . She really likes it andthat is what counts . 
Bought for my wife and she likes it a lot . 
Initially she liked the black and was glad I got the black . 
This jewelry box is great for taking on vacation . 
I am very pleased with this jewelry box . 
A must have for any jewelry enthuses . 
Many compartments ! 
Made pretty well with the exception of having to re-glue the drawer guides and some leather ' tucks ' . 
I purchased this robe for my mom for Christmas . 
She took it out of the box and put it right on . 
She is about a 10-12 . 
I would purchase this again . 
The material is thin , so it is more of a summer than winter garment . 
I feel fully supported and the 3 - hook design really adds to making the bra feel very secure . 
This is a fabulous nursing bra for a very reasonable price ! 
36 D is the smallest I've found rib size . 
I was excited to find an inexpensive bra with 34 size ! 
Unfortunately this bra fit way too tightly , more like a 32 ? . 
It might work for pumping only . 
Maybe it will fit better after some baby weight starts to drop off , being that it has only been a few weeks 
Just didn't like it at all , so it went back . 
They dent in and don't stay out . 
The material is so bad , it is like the equivalent of memory foam so when it dent in , it stays that way until you push out the cup again which is embarrassing . 
No one wants a dented in chest look . 
Also this tends to cut off my supply 10 fold with the underwire so if you really need an underwire try this but I'd go down a cup size for sure . 
Nice basic generic undershirt . 
I don't think they are scratchy . 
One wash and they soften right up . 
The lace cami comes in very handy . 
and there is Enough lace to make it a " Peek a Boo " , which is what I want under low cut tops . 
I had ordered The Milana Cami bra with lace thru Amazon . 
I was Very dissatisfied with this bra , as there is Hardly ANY lace , and to wear under low cut apparel makes it almost obscene.Not only was i unhappy with the Milana bra , as it is not like the picture .. there is Hardly any lace , but then the company wanted me to pay postage to send back to them . 
Amazon of which I am Prime member resolved this issue . 
In searching for something else . 
" OLGA bra came up and I am so pleased with this bra ! ! 
I will order more in 2 different colors . 
This is fabulous - it's a bra with a thin layer of lace covering it and it looks great on with low cut blouses . 
It has replaced the lacey additions I affectionately call " Vickie's " ( the female version a a dickie ) . 
I no longer worry about sharing too much of myself when I wear a v-neck shirt or lower cut blouse . 
This bra actually accentuates some of my tops and makes them look better . 
There is no padding and you might need to double up when it's cold . 
:) 
! 
I missed the fact this is an underwire bra . 
I am over 40 and this would fit a teen or young person . 
Back it goes . 
Was delivered really fast . 
I'm sure this bra would be fine in the winter under heavier tops , but the lace is visible under lighter blouses and tees 
Liked the white so much I went back and bought the black one . 
I usually wear W31 L31 so I follow the recommendations and bought W32 L34 and after two shrinking processes in hot water the results are W31 L32 , the waist perfect but length is a little longer , it is not a problem at all but I think next time I will buy W32 L33 . 
It feels stiffy for about an hour after been washed , but this is the normal for 501 STF . 
Strongly recommended ! ! 
! 
I am very disappointed and feel like I have wasted nearly $ 100 dollars on two pair of jeans that are of no use to me , I don't believe I will order anymore clothing from amazon because the return window has expired and it is too short for something that is mail order . 
Also , there are never any jeans for the low price that Amazon advertises ; they are always from $ 46 and up . 
It's probably been 25 years since I bought any Levi shrink-to-fit jeans , and I'm really sorry I bought these . 
And worst of all they come out horribly wrinkled . 
I bought two pairs on clearance for $ 14 / pair , but what good is that if they're too small to wear ? 
I doubt I can return them since I washed them but I'm going to try . 
Jeans have really changed , and these are a giant step backwards . 
Very disappointed . 
Too small despite me ordering his normal size . 
I'll shop at the store for these jeans from now on ... 
We love being able to buy exactly his size ... where else can you get 30-34 ? 
I do not know about these pants because I had to cancel the order . 
I don't know what more I can say since I didn't don't have the pants . 
If you are looking for brown jeans then these are them . 
They are just as described and fit well . 
They are 501 ' s what else can be said ? 
Returned 
But that is what is expected . 
This is how jeans of yesteryear were made ! 
They cost the same as most stores , and they are exactly as pictured . 
I will continue to order these jeans for him in the future ! 
501 IS OF MY FAVORITE JEANS OF LEVIS ! ! ! 
THIS SIZE FIT AS EXPECTED ! 
I WILL BUY MORE JEANS IN THE FUTURE ! 
I bought these in 29 waist and length is 32 should have been fine in length but they were to big have to wear belt and way to short I feel like high waters . 
I have bought these in this before at the stores and they were never this way to big around waist and way to short in legs . 
I will ever buy these again . 
Yeah I would recommend because maybe they fit others better than me . 
I don't know if it feels smaller because it has buttons instead of a zip , but he can't wear it ... 
When these arrived , I found them to be too big with no expansion of the waist elastic . 
I ordered the next size down ( 38x30 ) . 
I can't say this will be the same scenario for everyone , but you might want to order one size smaller if is a ' comfort waist " . 
This review is specific to the black stretch . 
Normally the standard 511 are my jean of choice , but I decided to try the black stretch . 
They wear and fit like straight denim , which was nice , but the spandex has broken and " pilled " up across all the fabric . 
It looks like I'm covered in crumbs that you can't get rid of.The jeans were rendered completely unwearable after only maybe 100 hours of use . 
just okay . 
would have gotten a better deal elsewhere . 
looks far better online than the real stuff . 
i was disappointed 
I tried the pants before buying them on line in a levis store and the waist was not expectedTo resolve the issue I thought of a trouser belt but It does not have enough clamps for it . 
Like the fit better than what I've worn forever ( 501 ' s and 505 ' s . ) 
Better cut in the waist . 
No bulk in the backside . 
Will buy more . 
I chose this rating because I had to pick a star . 
would be preferred to of given no stars Cuz after one wearing without washing they were completely covered in anything possible that would stick to it and lots or fuzz from blankets or anything . 
I'm very unhappy with them don't know where they're made but you should check for if made in China do not buy them Levis were a U . S . product & should of stayed that way . 
I would not recommend this to anyone . 
I'm Very unhappy and when you do wash them it doesn't come off .. 
( Dickies ) 
If you have thin legs the 511 ' s may be for you . 
no details in its finish . 
please continue maintaining the quality of their products . 
I don't have thunder thighs nor do I have chicken legs . 
They are athletic and muscular legs with very little fat . 
You really need to be thin and lanky for this pair to look good on you . 
Also the material isn't your typical jean material . 
Quite thin and stretchy . 
There is also the danger of male cameltoe appearance unless that is the intended effect you are going after . 
We've gone past that . 
Steve Perry is gone from the band and so should his fashion sense from the 70 ' s . 
I had to buy them 2 sizes up though to allow for shrinkage . 
! 
Would reccomend them to anyone . 
I do not have an athletic build but I have a small butt so jeans that fit are hard to find unless I want them baggy . 
The quality is good and there is very little shrinkage . 
Once one wears a pair of stretch jeans , there is no going back to hard jeans . 
Great purchase ; they fit right and they are as advertised . 
I am satisfied . 
I've worn these jeans about 6 days a week for over a year . 
Only now am I starting to get wear around the pocket where I keep my cell phone . 
If you have skinning legs get the 511 and if you have normal to big legs get the 5087 . 
I am 6ft tall - - weigh 216lbs . 
Most of my weight is upper ( shoulders / chest / gut areas ) . 
I am also in my 40 ' s . 
I always was thin in my teens / 20 ' s / 30 ' s , and like to dress somewhat fashionable . 
( I played in Rock bands all my life and my wardrobe was pretty much leather jackets , t-shirts , tight jeans / cords ) . 
AS I am now in my 40 ' s , I have quit partying and started taking better care of myself . 
I had no idea that I was going gain so much more weight ( I just wanted to live healthy ) . 
In my 30 ' s I never thought I would pass 190 lbs . 
My waist seems to stay the same ( I have been in a 34 - 36 waist for 20 years ) ? ? 
- - The bottom line - - - I was pretty nervous about wearing these . 
I don't want to be that guy who is old - fat - and tries to pull off wearing ' skinny ' jeans ! ! 
There is still room even though they may appear tight fitting . 
I purchased the Black and this really cool looking Grey . 
They like them ! ! ! 
As a matter of fact my wife and youngest daughter thought I lost A LOT of weight - when I wore the Black pair . 
They made me appear thin again ! ! 
Thank You and Good Night ! 
These pants fit perfectly in the length department and very well in the width as well . I will say if you are looking for a pant that is skinny all through the calf like it is in the thigh , you may want to go with the 510 from levis as they are a tighter fit . 
These fit great and can be worn in more situations that the extremely tight ones . 
Lasted at least 10 years . 
ThoughtI would go up a size due to shrinkage and so forth . 
If you aregoing to wear these under chest high trout fishing waders oryou are Pee Wee Herman these fit great . 
My wife fell out ofbed laughing since they almost covered my nipples ! 
Do yourselfa favor guys , just go " commando " , cause you can't purchase adecent pair of under ware in the USA anymore . 
These fit as advertised and are the correct way for men to wear under ware . 
They wash hundreds of times and don't fall apart and I like the fact that I could get these in 5 colors to match my pants . 
This is a 2nd purchase of this product as I was pleased with the first . 
But that isn't really a problem . 
A little stiff when I first tried them on , but they loosened up during my day at the office in them . 
They look good dressed up or more casual . 
The shoes are good quality but are a little stiff and tight . 
I expect them to loosen up and fit more comfortably as they break in . 
I was looking for more of a western belt but this belt is just the ticket for my casual wear pants and jeans . 
This belt looks great , but i would recommend buying a larger size than you think you need . 
I have a size 36 waist , so I ordered a size 36 belt and it barely fits - I use the very last hole in the belt . 
The quality seems very good . 
I even saw a 90 year old legit cowboy in line at the DMV with the same belt .. it was pretty worn and I knew then this belt will last forever . 
Whoa , is this belt stiff , not supple at all . 
It is tough to even get it buckled and I wouldn't bother and just return it but I do like the looks of it . 
Maybe it'll soften after a few years , but for now it is very unwieldy and difficult to fasten because it is STIFF , my goodness ! 
I would not have bought if I did tried it in a store . 
Too much bother to return it . 
I will go back to my old brand . 
This is my first online shoe purchase . 
It won't be my last as I simply draw no enjoyment from that trip to the store , but it is a disappointment.These are beautiful shoes , but too small . 
I thought they'd " break in " as has happened with other Cole Haan shoes , so I wore them a few times ( and enough that I couldn't return them - - another mistake ) . 
They didn't . 
All I got were blisters and irritation at my own stupidity.Think before buying . 
I really like this watch . 
I had a two-toned watch a few years ago and wanted another one . 
This is very classy-looking and would be the finishing touch for a special outfit . 
I had to remove two of the links in order for it to fit my wrist and it's not tight , but feels secure . 
I would definitely recommend this watch to anyone . 
Bad fit , too large and I ordered the smallest size . 
And caused muscle strain in my legs . 
Also too low of a cut in the toe area . 
Made it even more unconfortable . 
But super comfy great to wear around the house . 
The foot print / soul is that of a very narrow foot . 
Can't house shoe makers give us a width choice ? 
It's like walking on a cloud ! 
Shipping was as I expected . 
The only issue I have that has nothing to do with the slippers themselves is how Isotoner packages them . 
They are on a small hangar to which they are secured with the common nylon T - ended tabs which would not be a problem except for the fact they are poked through the bottom of the slipper in the center of the ball of the foot area . 
These terry slippers have a fairly durable rubber sole . 
Poking a hole in them not only does not make sense in any case , but this does seem it would ruin any moisture protection if one should step into some spilled liquid . 
The Cheetah print do not have the hard sole , so it is not as important since they would probably absorb liquid anyway , but on a harder sole it is an odd thing to do . 
Ballet slippers are my go to footwear around the house . 
I can't say that Isotoner is my favorite brand ( the best I found was Robinsons May Charter Club but haven't been able to find them since RM was purchased by Macy's ) but they are far better than most . I just purchased the black version of these classic terry Isotoners ( model number 9896H ) . 
In addition , the sole is firm and has some treading so I don't feel like I'm slipping on our hard wood floors.The one negative I have is that this pair runs small . 
I wear a size 8 shoe and always buy Isotoner L (8 / 9 ) . 
While this pair is OK , they are very snug and my toe goes all the way to the end . 
No way could a size 9 wear these . 
Glancing at other reviews , there appears to be quite a disparity in sizing results . 
Looking closely at the product pictures you can see some of the difference . 
The white slippers look like another pair I have with terry like a soft , fluffy bath towel . 
But the black , which I bought , looks ( and is ) like the flat terry of a beach towel . 
I wish everyone would be specific about the size and color they bought because it can make a difference in results . I would recommend that if you buy the black , go one size up . 
The stores always want to sell this black one it the hot sweaty satin polyester . 
It was nice to find the black in terry cloth on Amazon . 
They have a cotton top and rubber bottom . 
I would recommend them . 
My mom has tall feet , and these just didn't get up high enough to cover well enough to stay on her feet as she walks . 
I love these pants , but where are the pockets ? ! 
Somebody needs to get with the real world . I ordered two colors . 
I am 5 ' 7 " and a size 12 . 
Just put longer pockets in them . 
I've never been a dockers person , but after trying them on i may have to invest heavy in these types of pants . 
I'm 5 ' 9 " 220lbs and the 16 was too night . 
The pants didn't stretch at all . 
I'm in my 40 ' s and have had problems finding jeans that would fit me . 
Most stores that I've been to don't even have 501 jeans in my size . 
Now I can wear what I choose to wear instead of settling for anything that will fit . 
You can , it just wont be as shiny afterward.It doesn't put wax on your hands . 
It feels like something between waxed and oiled , like you might think of a garment that is waterproofed . 
These have been awesome for backpacking . 
The ones that I own have all had leather shoes that were from Enzo Angiolini . 
These have plastic soles ! . 
When I saw them on Amazon I ordered two pair thinking that they would have the same type sole as that is what the description read . 
The other pair went back because of the fit and the chip . 
Amazon needs to update the description from the sellers of this product to read that they have a manmade sole and not a leather sole . 
Need a simply black loafer type shoe and purchased these . 
I wore them when I was pregnant many years ago with both daughters and figure they worked for me then so they would work for me now . 
When I put them on it was like going back in time to a favorite place and moment . 
They fit and feel like slippers and can be worn with everything and anything . 
Trust me , they are some of the best shoes I have ever owned ( still own ) and I have six pairs in my shoe wardrobe . 
Actually my shoe wardrobe consists only of Crocs Cleo II's , Sam Edelman gladiator sandals and Enzo Liberty loafers . 
Nothing says foot love like leather shoes and these are worth every penny ... doubly so if you get them on sale ! 
the left shoe is too narrow . 
Not built correctly and it squeezes my foot and leaves a bruise . 
Now they sit at the back of my closet . 
Total bummer 
I have had these shoes for a long time , and they wore well . 
My only complaint is the soles developed an annoying squeak . 
Some bathing suits show too much skin and I am just looking to be comfortable and covered while I do laps at the pool . 
There was no built-in bra . 
It was also very hard to put on and it was very small for 36 . 
Did what it says it would . 
Great product . 
Holds all the equipment , including the kick board . 
Like the fit and streamlined cut . 
My only hope is that the chlorine will not fade the color too soon as I am avid at going to the pool . 
At this price , that would not be a problem compared to other more pricey brand names . 
I will be buying more in the future . 
Fit true to size . 
Looks good in and out of the pool . 
If I was only lounging by the pool these would be great . 
As soon as I step out of the water the shorts cling to every nook and cranny . 
I could pull the outer layer down and release the fabric from showing the complete outline of my package , but it seems annoying . 
It is about the reaction of people at a family public pool that needs to be addressed . 
I don't feel that anybody can see through them . 
I held the outer layer away and my wife couldn't see anything in daylight two feet away . 
I like them and I like wearing them swimming . 
I'd rather wear as little as possible . 
I would also wear these when company is over to enjoy the hot tub and they are too shy for nudity . 
They're great for lounging around the house in the summer . 
Very breathable . 
Some people would feel comfortable wearing this as running shorts.This product is a one step closer to modesty : Speedo Men's Solid Surfrunner Volley Short . 
I bought this at the same time . 
I've worn this swimming once . 
I didn't feel like I had to monitor the fabric because of modesty . 
For your reference , I am 5 ' 2 " 128lbs and I normally wear a 32F / 34e cup bra . I purchased this swim suit for swim training and it fits perfectly . 
It looks just like a sports bra and bikini bottom - very athletic look . 
I had hoped for the light blue like the photo , but these came in almost black . 
High quality ; high sparkle ; high results for the gift . 
I had a pair just like this a long time ago , purchased at the mall - I LOVE this ! ! 
Very pleased with this purchase 
These fit the bill ! 
They seem well made , they don't come undone so easily that I fear losing them . 
The earrings are very pretty but quite small . 
My hair is short , so they show . 
This item was ordered because it could fit on a water bottle's cap closure and be handy during exercise and time at the gym . 
The recipient is more than pleased with its function and practicality . 
I first ordered my normal size and it was tight so I returned it for a larger one , this one feels better but they do run small . 
They are also treated with something called FreshGuard which is said to eliminate odors . 
I use these as daily wear general purpose socks and I run in them a lot as well . 
They aren't as cushioned as some socks I have worn , but do have a cushioned sole that is , for me , more than adequate for running . 
Gardening , exercise and all the things that go along with activity make them extremely comfortable . 
:-) 
Did not shrink when I tried to wash them so they are true to size , I'm a 7 but thought they might shrink . 
These are what I would call " industrial grade . " Overall fit : Bulky , over-the-navel , but not too bad . 
So , I wear them with sweats or baggy pants . 
But as soon as I change positions , I can feel the leg bands pinching and pulling , actually cutting off my circulation - Not kidding . 
Don't try to sit down and relax wearing these . 
It is simply not possible ! That said , if you don't mind any of those problems then buy them , because they wear like steel and will likely last forever even if you do not ! Suggestion to manufacturer : Put some " give " in the leg bands . 
I like these . 
Nothing will ever be as good as the Barely There cotton / spandex briefs I used to buy , but they have been discontinued.Plusses : Full-cut briefs , substantial fabric . 
Bali quality.Minuses : Elastic around the legs and waistband . 
I greatly prefer self-fabric legs and waistbands . 
Which I guess they are , but to they have to look like it ? 
Also , for me , these were a little too fully cut . 
If I ordered them again I would go down a size.Don ' t get me wrong , these are a big improvement on the generic six-to-a-package briefs you get in big box stores . 
They just aren't my all-time favorites . 
These undies offer a generous - but proper - fit . 
They come all the way up to the waist and fit comfortably . 
My only complaint is that the waistband rolls / crinkles after a couple of washings and after that happens the panties lose their comfort for me . 
For that reason , I was disappointed in the product . 
They helped immensely . 
They aren't cheap , but they are SO worth it , if you have cold feet ... 
After years of wearing Levi's I hate to give them up but their quality is just atrocious and fit is pretty lousy , and quite variable as well.Thankfully Wrangler is still making an excellent product at a fair price , and that's really what jeans should be.One tip : wranglers seem to wrinkle easily in the dryer so I turn them inside out before washing . 
fit almost as good as they did back in the day.The fashion today is to not wear them as tight as we used to lol , buy them about 4 inches longer to wear with boots and get the appropriate " stack " 
Fit in jeans is a personal issue . 
These Wranglers fit fine for me , but it really depends upon the individual . 
These wear well with me . 
These are your basic cowboy cut jeans . 
Noting flashy . 
It seems like sizing is not as consistent anymore ( I have also experienced the same issue with Levis and LL Bean ) . 
The denim material is differnent than Levis , more a " weave " pattern . 
I like these blue jeans . 
They look and feel like the classic real thing . 
Some reviewers say that you may want to size up a bit for the unwashed variety butI haven't tried those . 
I'm 70 years old and the ladies say that they like my " Wrangler butt " . 
I buy these for my son , and have never been disappointed . 
They are thick and sturdy , and will last until he outgrows them . 
I like the quality denimand especially the rivets at the high stress areas . 
No complaints here . 
WG . 
Purchased for my husband who is a no-fuss kind of guy . 
Pull the tags off and go ! 
Incredibly small ! 
also the material was very coarse . 
I ordered a Levi's Mens 527 Bootcut Jean of the same sizehttp :/ / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004G9OIPY/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_17Fit's perfect and the material is WAY nicer . 
Perhaps the color I ordered is just a crappy material , and perhaps this was a defect but the jeans I got are terrible and I'm returning them and will never buy Wranglers again . 
He usually wears a relaxed fit but lost some weight but these didnt fit in all the right places . 
Something in raw denim that was untreated in terms of artificial washing . 
Impressions & comparisons : Material - heavier weight than Levis 501 STF . 
IIRC it's 16oz denim vs 14oz . 
Which means there will be around 3 % shrinkage for the Wranglers after washing , vs around 10 % for STFs . 
Both materials are quite stiff out of the package and can be worn in the raw state long enough to create custom wear-in . 
Wrangler wins on material.Stiching & joining - Wrangler has a clever double stich on the outer leg seam that looks single stich . 
Which wins on both style and durability . 
This category is close , but I prefer Wrangler stitching and joining . 
Wranglers have 7 belt loops as opposed to Levis which have 5.Cut - Levis has a very particular kind of butt sag that likely came from being overalls originally . 
These Wrangler Cowboy Cut Slim Fits have no such butt sag . 
They're sized about the same way as dress pants ( read : no glamor sizing , so if you're using Levis or Old Navy waist sizes you're likely going to end up with pants 2 inches too small ) . 
I am 6 ' 1 " 180 lb , athletic build , and the pants fit snugly but not uncomfortably . 
I do not fit into skinny jeans from Levis , as they seem to be geared towards really skinny , non-athletic people . 
I'd say these are an athletic fit , best for endurance athletes not powerlifters.Tag - The worst thing about these jeans is the branding tag . 
Go old school . 
The fabric is good heavy weight denim , which he needed . 
This belt was a good idea for my son while he lost weight . 
I purchased the robe and lace night gown for my honeymoon . 
I would recommend this . 
I have other colors of this that didn't fit so loosely . 
Unless I lost a cup size or two in my sleep last night ( that would be my luck ) , the robe I got today is more of an XL . 
I'm a 38B - C , and the fitted bosom of this peignoir look like empty pockets - not the look I was going for . 
The bodice material is quite stretchy , so I'd order a size smaller without worry . 
These socks are super cute on my little boy for the price . 
I bought these for my great niece who is going through socks like crazy . 
She's not quite 7 months old , but has big feet ( closer to 9 month size ) . 
I guess she got her daddy's feet . 
According to her parents these fit . 
We'll see how long it takes her to outgrow them . 
She's starting to pull herself into a standing position so the non-skid should be helpful . 
I would recommend them . 
My grandson used them while learning to walk . 
Now he uses them to remain upright on my wood floors ... 
but since my neighbor has complained about her toddler grandchild slipping on her hardwood floors I thought these would be GREAT for my grandson in Florida on tile floors . 
We'll know soon ! 
The sizes are right on the money . 
I'm rehabbing from a running injury and needed something else to do apart from cycling when it's too cold or raining outside . 
I decided to try out swimming . 
I wear a size 34 , and I ordered a size 34 . 
No reason to upsize or downsize . 
I've worn them multiple times for laps in the pool at my college recreation center and I couldn't be happier . 
Now I just need to get a second pair . 
Totally pleased with the product so far . 
I feel great wearing these in public , and don't feel like they will elicit stares for any reason . 
Also they are long , from the waist to the knee , and they stay put when swimming . 
Happy with them completely . I notice that if I sit on the concrete of the pool , the spandex will start to fray and get " fuzzy " a little . 
This is purely cosmetic , it doesn't affect the suit so it doesn't bother me . 
I'll buy again . 
These are great briefs but beware that I received the incorrect item [ when ordering from Amazon.com ] - - style 70800-641 , instead of 70800-041 as advertised / ordered . 
Expect the suit to be tight if you order the same waist size as jeans . 
I am a 32-34 and after buying the 32 thinking it would stretch more I returned it and got the 34 . 
Everyone complaining about the legs being to tight I don't understand what the problem is . 
I used to swim competitively years ago and we all trained with a drag suit . 
It was suppose to be a little tight around your ' legs . 
I wear a 32 and ordered a 36 for my drag suit . 
This should add to your ' overall fitness overtime . 
It isn't going to be a miracle wonder and make you drop tons of time when you go to race but , it will add some drag / resistance to your ' swim and will help get your ' arms more " toned " / strengthened . 
The dress fit exactly as stated on the sizing chart . 
The satin material made the dress look much more expensive that it was . 
( You can't be the $ 50 price tag ! ) 
I ordered the dress at the last minute , literally , to replace a " nightmare of a dress " that was custom made for my Mother . 
Placed the order on Monday morning and it arrived Wednesday afternoon ... with no alterations needed ! 
This item is not rocket science but does very well the job.It is very easy to use , no matter if you are left or right handed . I took away one star because it is obvious the construction if cheap and won't last.On the other hand , it has the advantage of being light . I definitely recommend it . 
Basically it's a plastic rod with a clip on the end tha holds the ring to attach the clasp . 
Good for everyone ! 
My mother bought one for me and I was surprised at how such a simple idea made putting on bracelets so much easier . 
I didn't wear bracelets because I hated trying to get them hooked or searching the house for someone to help . 
These are good standard issue slacks . 
They are nothing special , great for winter due to heavy fabric . 
The hem is also large , almost like bell bottoms . 
If you are looking for an extremely loose feeling pant with plenty of room , then these will work great for you . 
These are definitely made for big boy's that need some extra room . 
I am 6 ' 0 and weigh 185 and fall between a 34 or 36 depending on the make and cut . 
I ordered the 36 and I think a 32 would have fit me better . 
Recommend these shirts . 
Going to reorder in other colors . 
I was hoping for a orange shade but this is bright yellow . 
Dont like it much but the fitting and material is good . 
I can wear them out in with jeans . 
I really like to belt them at waist , but my favorite way is with an oversized belt between waist and above the hip . 
And they are cute with a scarf around the neck . 
I bought this watch over 5 years ago . 
It knows how many days in every month and which year is a leap year so you never have to do a thing to it once it is set . 
Other than daylight savings you never need to adjust a thing on this watch . 
The eco-drive concept had me concerned back then and I wondered how long it would really charge and discharge before it wore out . 
Well like I said I have had it over five years and I recently left it in a dark display case for over a month . 
It has a unique / aggressive design to the links and how they interface . 
It fits with activity or as a dress watch . I have over 10 watches in my collection and the Calibre 8700 is at the top . 
It is my go to watch more than any of the others and I set all my other watches ( time and date ) by this one . 
The accuracy is within a handful of seconds per year on mine and I am sure this is pretty common for the Citizen Quartz watches . 
The price of this watch makes it a no brainer for me . 
If I had it to do again I would in a heartbeat.If I were ever stranded on a desert island and had to chose a watch to have with me ... this is without a doubt the one . 
I bought these sweatpants becase they seemed like a good value . 
I am not disappointed with them ! 
They are exactly what I expected . 
Got this for my friend who is a workout buff and wants to show off his masterpiece upper arms . 
! 
! 
I keep forgetting that " muscle shirt " is NOT the same as a sleeveless t-shirt - - the arm holes are big enough to put a good sized thigh through ! 
However , the product is a cut out of the sleeves that goes all the way down to the lower part of your ribs ! 
Returning to Amazon / Russell Athletic ! 
I would NOT recommend this product to anyone ! 
Pretty thick and a bit long . 
Disappointed that it is too thick then expected , but its still something I can work out in . 
Material is sturdy and I foresee getting lots of use out of these . 
I ordered several more colors . 
Would definitely recommend . 
I ordered XL to begin with and I was swimming in it . 
I am looking forward to wearing these as I head back to the gym after a two year absence . 
The material is very stiff and not soft even after several washings . 
doesn't feel like a cotton shirt . 
I bought these to work out in , they are loose so your body can breath and you don't feel restriction.Didn ' t shrink much after washing , will be purchasing more . 
When I get any kind of shirt , jacket whatever I have a recurring issue that either the sleeves are too short , or the length of the shirt is too short ( doesn't go far enough past my waist ) . 
Since this doesn't have sleeves obviously that wasn't an issue , but I was worried it would be too short . 
The tank top is 30in long ! 
This thing is PERFECT for any guy who is slim but tall , actually having the tank top reach down far enough so I can reach up to the sky and NOT have it show my stomach , while not being baggy because I had to go a size up , SO NICE . 
However , pectorals down , it really flows like a maternity dress and does look a bit odd ! 
Since these won't break the bank , I recommend you try one of each size before placing any sort of bulk order ! 
These were exactly what I was looking for . 
Fits as expected . 
I ordered four colors of this due to the great fit ( XXL ) - I'm 6 ' and 240 # . 
I would recommend this product . 
Compared with any other clothing I wear , including other cotton tanks , this product is substantially undersized . 
Looked everywhere for a nice quality shirt but was running out of luck until I discovered these . 
Very soft cotton and it wears very well . 
I use these to round out my casual wardrobe ensembles and will continue to get them as needed in the future . 
What do you expect from a T-Shirt . 
I use it for Umpiring High School baseball and it comes out wet after calling behind the plate . 
I have no complaints . 
Considering the price it would take to track down and purchase this item I couldn't be happier . 
This is a very basic tee , nothing special . 
It does have a bold Russell Atheltic logo on the side of one sleeve . 
Washes well . 
The shirt is a good thickness . 
I've had many Russell shirts in the past . 
I like athletic t-shirts that are a little loose vs . fitting tight like a white t-shirt for wear under a dress shirt . 
So the Russell brand is my favorite and fit just as expected . 
I also like the cotton polyester blend which is cooler than a plain cotton t-shirt 
Shirt fits as expected . 
Have some room . 
May order more . 
Ordered a large size .. got overlarge . 
Fabric isn't great either .. though it looks good in the picture . 
I love ordering clothes online but experiences like these hamper me . 
I buy this brand shirt almost exclusively . 
Great for lounging around the house , yard work , exercise , and more . 
I use this to do house work as to avoid dirtying my other clothes . 
Wife wears these to turn me on when we go out , they fit her great she has not had any problem with them . 
these are cute soft and comfy but a little on large side . 
they like to slide down have to keep pulling them back up . 
also bow on back needs to be resewn almost falling off . 
overall not too bad though 
I am very pleased with this purchase . 
This isn't an overly high quality outfit . 
However since we only needed to use it on Halloween night and one other halloween party , I saw no need to waste additional money . 
Had no problem with the durability of it . 
I got the size Small for my ( just turned ) 5 year old and it seemed to fit him well . 
The cape was a bit long however and we ended up taking it off when walking around the streets after a while ( so it didn't drag on wet ground ) . 
The mask is only a 1/2 mask but that's not really a problem . 
It has shoe covers , the belt and chest computer are just printed on nothing fancy . 
Obviously doesn't come with gloves or the light saber . 
The material is what you would expect for a 15-20 $ costume , it's very thin and see through - you'll most likely want something underneath it . 
It does have a very cheap feel to it , I wouldn't buy it if you wanted a costume that would last you several halloweens or one that looks like it cost more then 20 $ . 
For the price it is - and all others I saw in this price range ( the ones locally were the same quality but about twice as expensive ) , this is a good deal . 
It doesn't come with the light saber . 
Otherwise , exactly as pictured . 
Basic Darth Vadar costume . 
No frills , this is a basic costume . 
I would tell the young boys to order it as it gives a good time ! 
These were so light weight that they constantly shifted when I attempted to wear them . 
They should have been made with double amount of gold . 
It took me a little while to learn how to use these earrings but they are exactly as the seller described and LOVELY . 
For women with long hair I recommend taking these off in the shower particularly on the days you plan to shampoo and condition . 
Some people say they are very small , i would disagree they are as shown in the photo . 
Would definitely recommend . 
This was ordered as an XL Tall . 
It wasn't all that long to begin with , but after washing it , it shrunk so much I couldn't wear it anymore . 
It's way too short for a tall size . 
I won't order Russell anymore . 
I have found the Carhart brand doesn't shrink nearly as much and is a better value , even though it's more expensive . 
I wear this sweatshirt daily . 
It is more or less part of my pj's . 
He wears it all the time and really likes it . 
I've washed it several times and haven't noticed any shrinking or fading . 
Good value ! 
It comes out of the dryer with original shape and look . 
Got them on the same day . 
Washed them on the same day . 
The Russell in XL navy blue shrunk up so short I can no longer wear it . 
Gave it to my shorter sister . 
The Carhart gray , didn't shrink much at all , and it's my favorite . 
I won't order Russell anymore with that much shrinkage . 
I really like this sweatshirt . 
I am a tall and big guy who loves to wear my clothes a bit baggy . 
By tall , I mean over 6 ' 5 " . 
I have searched long and hard to a hoodie that fit my 6 ' 9 " son . 
Turns out most manufactures consider 6 ' 2 " to be tall , which meant that most tall hoodies were still too short in the sleeves and body to fit my son correctly . 
Nice color , construction and weight . 
I bought a size up so it could go in the dryer . 
Looked like a dress on my husband , so I reordered in his typical XL . 
Expected this to come small and shrink . 
The only complaint I have is after several washes , it is showing some wear already . 
That said , I would buy it again 
It's wider and taller than some 2XLT shirts I have from other companies . 
I really like this shirt . 
It is big and long , just want I wanted . 
The fabric is a little thin , but that is what you get for the price . 
Fast delivery and I will order more . 
I ordered XLT and got a 4XL . 
I mean it fit my 330 lb dad just fine but for me this was like a dress . 
I don't know what they were thinking when sizing these but it is craziness . 
We are always able to get extra large sizes and / or tall sizes for our boys . 
I wish I had tried them a long time ago.Put on expecting bad results and they were GREAT.Will buy more 
it would be nice to have a two tone color on the shirt to match different clothes that i wear 
Not that the shirt does NOT fit ... more that it's not as long as I would have hoped for . 
i really like these shirts . 
i bought multiple colors of this same shirt . 
good for the gym or just laying around the house . 
they are exactly what i was looking for . 
I was just planning a 5 day visit to my sis's in Tucson , but her health was so bad , I stayed 6 weeks . 
The temp here climbed to 95 , and I was miserable . 
I ordered 2 more . 
I had been looking at local stores for shorts in my size and the type i was looking for without success . 
I'm so glad that i lookedat amazon and found all that i wanted . 
This type of shirt is hard to find with pockets that is . 
l recommend it . 
I ordered two of these . 
Considering the price , they look much better than I expected . 
This is a basic product well worth the price . 
I have worn it a few times and plan to wear it a lot more in the future . 
I especially recommend this shirt to anyone who normally wears pocket tees , etc . 
and wants to upgrade a little for a reasonable cost . 
I originally washed and dried it by itself and the result was wrinkles . 
I then washed and dried it with other clothes and all was well . 
Good value in a pocket sport shirt . 
I can get my cell phone , reading glasses , and a pen into it easily . 
This fit husbands and my snorkel equipment and husbands fins are extra long . 
This bag is a good size for my 5-6 year old to use for swim class . 
My first complaint would have been that it is too hard for him to tighten the drawstring . 
You have to have some muscle to pull it tight . 
This bag is a perfect size . 
I have no problem fitting my fins , snorkel , goggles , sandals , towel , etc . 
My only complaint is that it's a little over priced . 
This is a nice size bag I purchased for 6 year old . 
It is well ventilated but I keep a plastic bag for wet clothing . 
This was so well-priced that I went ahead and bought it for our cruise . 
We have our own snorkel gear , wetsuits , etc and I wanted a backpack tote for going to the beach . 
I was able to stuff towels , flippers , snorkels , bottles of water , and even two kickboards into the big mesh bag . 
Very useful . 
Will use it for camping and going to the lake.Highly recommended . 
This is exactly what I was hoping for when I order them . 
Would order Rothco's again . 
Very good product ... will buy a similar product sometime soon . 
I bought these as a pair of work shorts for around the house . 
The right pocket opening was stitched up so high it caused the opening to be too small . 
So small that you cannot fit your hand into the opening . 
I would never buy these again , nor would I recommend them . 
Typical cheap mass produced Chinese junk . 
If you actually buy these shorts , they do run a bit large , so order wisely and prepare to be disappointed . 
First of all , order a size LARGER than you would normally . 
Heck , I'd be surprised if a 36 " waist would fit in the " large " : 38 does NOT.Second of all , as with all of these Rothco garments , make sure to go over them - inside AND out - for ropes ( loose threads ) . 
Oh , yeah . 
They're not bad , just another little thing . 
The " drawstrings " are not all that useful , they don't really allow you to tighten anything . 
These shorts are NOT sized the same as those pants , but I've done my best to give you an idea how to order on the size issue . 
The leg length IS to my knees , in the style all the kids seem to favor for longer " shorts " length . 
Again , if you follow the care I've outlined above , these will be some pretty durable shorts for spring / summer.The reason for 3 instead of 4 stars are two reasons : first , the size issue . 
They really should adjust their " size chart " on the item to reflect reality instead of wishful thinking . 
They would prevent a lot of shipping costs , on their part , when you have to send them back because their chart is misrepresenting the product . 
My second reason for 3 instead of 4 stars is PRICE . 
You can get Wrangler , or Faded Glory cargo shorts for $ 7 - $ 10 less , and they're a lot less hassle before wearing them . 
How many they'll sell at this $ 26 - $ 27 price , I don't know . 
But , they'd sell more if they were more competitive . 
For me , I like this style enough to shell out the extra ( buttons all around , reinforced seating and pockets ) for one - MAYBE two - set . 
Great price , don't waste your money on something else . 
This is the one to buy ! 
Because the hanes polo shirt is a blended jersey there was no shrinkage . 
recommend to purchase due to non shrinkage 
Everything was good about the shirt . 
They were sized right . 
I got two of these shirts with a company logo about 6 years ago and wore it only in the house - knockabout . 
I bought 5 of the white and 5 of the black and couldn't be happier . 
They wash well , last a long time and are soft - so you can wear them all day - and to sleep in . 
Absolutely fantastic product . 
My husband wanted a thin shirt that was cool in the hot summers . 
He loves it ! 
It came so fast . 
It was unbelievable . 
I would definitely recommend this to anyone ! 
i'm 6 ' 3 " and 210 lbs . 
i got the XXL . 
the sleeves are long enough , unlike the lee's that i bought.LEE ' s : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00742LVP0too short of sleeves ^ ^ 
It's very well made for this price . 
Will buy more like this in other colors . 
I took the advice of a previous review and ordered one size larger and they fit and look great . 
It's more like a t-s * * * with a collar than a polo . 
It's what I expected in a polo shirt . 
I would recommend this shirt to anyone . 
I wear it occasionally and really like it . 
I have the problem of a broad shoulders and larges fit like smalls . 
My guy normally wears an XL , and this shirt fits him great and he loves it . 
I will definitely be ordering him another . 
Excellent shirt made   of very good material . 
Kind of scratchy and wrinkles more than my other shirts for some reason . 
The material is just very different , so I guess it's how they weave the material ... 
I'm no expert here as to what went wrong but it's just not the best . 
It's a little bit transparent as well , sort of like those non-cotton breathable athletic shirts . 
But this is cotton , so I don't get it . 
The fabric is a bit stiff and coarse , but that should soften up after a few washes . 
Not a bad shirt for the price , but not something I will buy again 
This is just a standard cheap shirt . 
I paid $ 5 for it so I wasn't expecting much . 
It's about the quality you would expect from a giveaway polo shirt . 
Not sure how it will hold up as I've only worn and washed it once , but you can't really go wrong for such a cheap purchase price . 
This polo is of standard quality material for casual wear . 
Some men want to see / feel the quality of an item before purchasing , rather than reading about the advertisement , so I was hesitant to order this product , hoping that the description , picture was true to the item receiving . 
The package and packaging was as good as expected . 
For men that would like polo shirts , and a company that you can trust , this would be the right polo for you . 
They are satisfied with the item , and are wearing them with their desired pants style whether with jeans or casual pants . 
We are all pleased with this product . 
I recommend you order ext siz up for a looser fit ... 
Now THIS is a bar shirt indeed ! ! 
however after washing the shirt is actually to small . 
I can wear it , but it is tight . 
From a 1 to a 10 = 7 
We really didnt think that he would be able to fit these shirts but end up really loving them and how they fit 
He loves the fit and the feel ! 
I have washed the shirts already and they seem to fit the same so there was no shrinking . 
I thought i would try this brand of shirt . 
way to small and short ! 
One time in the wash and ill be putting it in the Good Will bag . 
I really like this shirt but it's too long from neck to hips . 
I realize that it's an XL size , but just because someone is stocky or of larger stature , doesn't mean they are 6ft + tall . 
Will not buy this again just because of that fact . 
If you are 6ft + and range from 180 to 220lbs , this shirt should fit you OK . 
I wish the scarf was longer . 
I can tie it once in front of my neck , but it doesn't wrap around twice and stay . 
Just what I needed for travel quick jewelry cleaning . 
The product promises a lot but delivers very little . 
When you touch is you feel unpleasant touch , rough . 
While it probably cleans something , as it becomes black while rubbing it against the piece of jewellery , it definitely leaves the piece in the previous , unshiny look . 
It also leaves stains in your fingers . 
I've used on all sorts of metals - copper , nickel , all grades of silver , stainless , and weird amalgams of who-knows-what . 
Even schlocky cheap costume jewelry turns out looking spiffy . 
Wear some kind of gloves and roll up your sleeves while polishing - these cloths swipe off so much tarnish that it gets all over the place . 
I like Wrangler jeans . 
I have short legs and they can be purchased with 29 " legs . 
They also have more belt loops than other brands . 
They hold up well and seem to last longer than other jeans . 
When washed , they shrink very little . 
I am so pleased that they have longer leg sizes . 
I have such tall boys one wears a 36 inch inseam and the other two wear 34 inch inseam . 
Just what I expected from Wrangler ! 
I expect to buy this product again ! 
Once he put them on he realize that a 35 " waist was what he really needed , and they're Wranglers so they are made well and will last . 
Ok , I wear a 44x30 pant . 
It can be hard to find that locally , and sometimes it can be problematic ordering them on-line . 
I'm used to Dockers , so I wasn't sure what to expect , but these are pretty much like the old Levi's pants I used to wear many years ago . 
A substantial denim fabric that isn't too soft OR too stiff . 
It's just right.Really good workmanship too . 
Recommended . 
Only the zipper tends to be a little stuck sometimes . 
I figure that it's the seam of the zipper that is sewn too close to the zipper mechanism that interferes with it's closing . 
Otherwise . 
Four Stars . 
The jeans are good . 
It's a little wierd though . 
I will recommend this to my friends ! 
I have a size 34 version of the same product and waist is too large and these are slightly tight but okay 
Denim is denim is denim . 
The problem is that although I ordered my normal size they are cut slightly , bot noticeably , too small . 
The next size would be too large . 
One particular oddity is that the back pockets are so small that they are difficult to use . 
Coarse material , too . 
I could recommend these only if you were looking for a work jean and you go down a size in both the waist and inseam . 
I had purchased and worn another pair , but lost weight so was looking for a smaller pair . 
Yipee ! I went down 2 in . 
Out of the dryer , they are tight for a little bit but they soon " stretch " out with wear . 
( I HATE the women's " stretch " jeans ! ! ! 
When wearing them , I feel they do like the hated pany-hose and gradually the crotch feels like it's trying for my knees which is truly uncomfortable ! ! 
So " X " to those type of jeans ! 
Wrangler needs to make sure the sizes are correct ! 
I recommend it but has to know it runs small . 
what ? 
Arrived safely in good condition , 
My husband really likes these jeans . 
Have ordered him a few pairs now and the fit has been uniform , the jeans hold up well to his wearing them very often and they feel well made / good quality . 
Slowly replacing all of his old jeans with these as his die of old age . 
Exactly what I expect in a jean . 
The next time I need jeans I will come right back here and order again . 
Wrangler has always given me a better fit than Levi's , they wear just as well and cost a lot less . 
I weigh 208 pounds , 34X32 , too small.The oldest jeans name , came to NC to launch a new cheap jeans brand to sell around the world.But this pair of jeans are inappropriate . 
These just don't hold up like they used to . 
I wish I could recommend these , but in my opinion they have decided to meet a price point at the expense of quality . 
Wrong choice if you want my business . 
It's far less expensive to pay a few dollars more to get a product that will hold up . 
It takes the same amount of time to sew either , so the difference is in the quality of the cotton used . 
It does not cost that much more to make a quality product , and I am willing to pay for the difference in prise . 
I have no plans to buy Wranglers again , previously these were my go to brand for some 30 years . 
Having recently lost weight-and not being able to purchase ' off the shelf ' at our local Post Exchange in South Korea because of my inseam length - Amazon Prime again came through with the right size and a quality product . I purchased another well known brand - and found immediate durability issues - with the rear pocket tearing away from the seat - as I keep my smart phone tucked back there.This jean used much heavier denim fabric and I expect much better durability . 
Comfort is my main criteria after quality of the product - and wearing these presents no problems bending , reaching , sitting.Great quality at a fair price . 
they are exactly what I thought that they would be , they fit great , I like them a lot . 
really i do . 
These jeans won't make you as awesome as the long time green bay and 1 1 \ 2 season vikings super hero Bret Farve , but they are still gosh darn good stinking old pair of jeans . 
I've tried many jean brands , but I keep coming back to wrangler as a longtime satisfied customer . 
Bought as a Xmas present , he loved them , he is a wrangler man so nothing less would do , heavyweight material , would recommend 
Almost like they were irregular . 
GOOD ONE . 
What can I write ? 
I tried them on and hung them in the closit for later . 
From a 1 to a 10 = 10 
I ordered a 54 waist and the rear pockets seemed like a direct clone of a 30 , I could only get my fingertips in there . 
No , I don't need to put my whole hands inside , but with these only a thin wallet would fit . 
I say when they make the pants bigger they should make the pockets proportionally bigger too . 
To my eye , rear jeans pockets should both start from about 2-3 inches from the center seam and be sized big enough to cover most of the butt . 
At Wrangler they start the small pockets about 2 " from the 2 side seams and then that's IT , leaving a big empty butt space . 
Bought these for my husband and he is really tall . 
Normally we cannot find jeans to fit in length , but these are true to size . 
not worth the extra money 
I am 34 and waist fit well . 
But nothing bad at all . 
Finally , I recommend this product . 
For my hubby , likes them comfy , but they fit well ! 
He is old school , as he wore Wranglers since the 50 ' s ! ! ! 
And being an old Motorhead , when getting down and dirty he needs comfort ! 
Unfortunately , they fit tighter than the 33 x 30 47MWZ ' s , so I had to return them . 
Going to an even larger size in the waist would make the rest of the jean much too large . 
Don't get me wrong , these are nice jeans ( though they are thinner than the 47MWZ ) , and the waist line is not too high   I guess I don't have the correct body style to make them work for me . 
My height 183 cm , weight 68 kg , select the size is too small , I am very disappointed . 
Pants type is better 
Overall a very reliable product . 
I bought the size I get in Levi's , and even though they appear baggy in the photo they were much too tight . 
I washed the jeans before trying them on and they seem a bit snug . 
Will probably stretch out . 
Don't know if they're supposed to be pre-shrunk . 
I haven't gained any weight since I bought some other jeans last year . 
Maybe I should have ordered 34x32 instead of 34x34 ... My waist is 34 and it fits around fine there .. but around the thigh and legs it looks a little thick ... I have a slim body and skinny legs so it feels a little awkward because of that.So , final feedback : Colour : 5/5 Size / Fit : 4/5 Comfort : 4 . / 5 
Overall these jeans are made very nice.The only problem was the legs were larger than the picture seem to show . 
These jeans are well made - just what I'd expect from Wrangler . 
Out here in Oklahoma almost everybody wears jeans and Wranglers are popular . 
I bought these and a similar pair of Wranglers ( relaxed fit ) to compare . 
These are a little tighter in the waist than the relaxed fit ones , and perhaps a little less room in the seat , but they fit OK if you don't mind sucking in your gut to put them on . 
They look classy and casual with all lounging clothes and have decent soles to run outside and do little chores , too . 
I've been buying these for years ( they do wear out ) . 
The ones made in China don't last very long ( split at the seams in the soles ) . 
I wear mine about 6 hours a day and they just don't last ... but I love them . 
Seems to be well made and fit well . 
Nice heel for a flat walking shoe . 
My wife wears 8 1/2 w shoes and we ordered the 8 1/2 e , and she says they are a little loose . 
This has never come up with any other pairs of shoes she has purchased so I could say take that into consideration when ordering . 
They seem to be made well . 
The only negative thing was the seller lost our order for over a week . 
Beware 
Received this watch today , 2 days after order . 
Beautiful watch goes with every thing gold or silver . 
Easy to set an can be worn with jeans or dress up 
I purchased this watch as a Christmas gift for my wife . 
It's a gorgeous timepiece , and you really can't go wrong with Citizen's Eco-Drive . 
It seems to pick up a charge in any kind of lighting so it should always be ready to go . 
cherokee is a rougher material , but i love these pants . 
they fit as expected , a little too long but i can always hem them . 
I am tall for a girl at 5 ' 10 and it is hard to find scrub pants that are long enough for me . 
Cherokee is the only brand I have found that has a tall pair of scrubs that are actually long ! ! ! 
They do run large . 
I wear a size 10 in women's and I am a small in these pants . 
They are comfy and don't really shrink much with repeated washings and drying . 
I wear 2-4 and am swimming in x - smalls . 
Too much trouble to send back . 
Time to get out the sewing machine . 
These fit at the waist not low rise . 
I find from one pair of xxs to another they vary a tad as to the fit , but given the price and mass production I guess that is to be expected . 
I was a little nervous after reading claims by some reviewers that this is an inferior made-in-China version , but a close visual and tactile comparison to my OEM Seiko band proved otherwise ... it's identical in every respect.Briefly considered getting a nylon NATO or Zulu type band , but was uncertain about how it would actually look---no on-wrist photos of them on Amazon ! 
So I chickened out and stayed with the devil I know instead , which was about the same price or less . 
Twenty one bucks for a piece of rubber seems a bit high , but oh well ... 
I have been pining for these shoes for the last 8 years . 
Finally got them . 
Now I have them again . 
Fits down to my thighs eliminating need for panty girdle . 
This came sooo quickly ! 
When I first tried it on I was so excited to add it an outfit ! 
I wear it under almost all of my button up shirts and will most likely order at least one more ! 
Nice quality and sparkle like crazy ... 
I've owned many pairs of Reef sandals .. these are comfortable to wear , but after a couple of months ( I wore them every day ) , the clear plastic / rubber under the heel started to crack and fall apart .. also , the foam at the front ( where your toes are ) tends to wear down fairly quick . 
As long as you know they only last 2-3 months with regular use , they're just fine . 
I've never had a sandal that didn't hurt my feet after wearing them , because I have high arches . 
They blew me away . 
I spend 80 % of my life in flip flops and sandals . 
These are made to last . 
They withstand any kind of abuse and temperature . 
Reef's aren't cheap but worth their money . 
Don't even bother with cheap ones . 
What's more to say ? 
I have a super clean pair for summer nights when I need to dress up , a worn pair for daytime activities and a backup pair to change into in case my nice ones get worn out.The built in bottle opener has come in handy many times . 
The sole grip is good for around 2 years ( depending on your wear frequency ) . These flips are well made of quality materials and they won't let you down or leave you stranded . I'd find it very hard to buy any other flip after having worn these for three + years now . 
Footbed is a little slick to start until broken in . 
These are a replacement for my husband's other Reef Fanning sandals . 
He wore them so much they finally wore out . 
My husband has very wide ( 4E ) feet and has trouble finding sandals to fit . 
These fit him very well . 
That being said , they also fit well on others ( with feet of normal width ) who have tried them on . 
They fit great and provide much needed support for his back . 
You really can't beat a pair of Reefs . 
these sandals are awesome . 
Do not get a smaller size , get a half size bigger if you have the option of going bigger or smaller . 
They are well made . 
My last ones lasted 2 years and never stunk . 
For some reason , these do not store feet smell . 
lol . 
My last ones eventually failed when the toe strap became brittle due to too many days at the beach and standing in salt water . 
Good enough that I bought them again . 
better than most junk out there . 
The bottle opener in the bottom of the shoe is a novelty but I don't actually use it ( who wants to walk all over and then put your drink on the bottom of your shoe ? ! ) 
I suppose if I were stranded on a beach with a six pack and no way to open it , I might reconsider the usefulness of this feature though . I would recommend these shoes , however I don't recommend using the bottle opener unless you just wear these around your house ! 
I am returning these particular one because the picture shown with a tan like accent and the brown strap is what I wanted but received a brown accent not tan . 
Each sandal has a bottle opener on the underneath of the sandal ( interesting ) . 
Shipping was securely packaged . 
My wife has spent the past 2 years trying to tell me how great the Reef sandals are . 
OMG my wife was right . 
Its an ok flip flop , but a bit too pricey for another purchase . 
I really like my Nike articulate thong flip flops . 
Never used the bottle opener on the bottom of the shoe . 
Kinda silly . 
Never disappointed with this brand . 
Will always order our Reefs here ! 
I would have kept the shoe but the fit was too tight . 
Good for the price .. 
Overall it is okay and I recommend it over other brands 
This shoe is basically the same shoe that Florsheim sells as the " Riva " The only difference that I can see is one has " Florsheim " printed inside and the other has " Bostonian . 
The Riva is $ 110.00 . 
Excellent quality but they are very heavy 
Low profile . 
My most recent pair seem to be much stiffer than I remember them being in the past . 
And they're no longer continued so I can feel a little special . 
I wear with Chinos or jeans . 
Color is a Bronze / Brown that looks better when you see the shoe than on line . 
Very well manufactured , this is no cheaply made shoe . 
I like Clark's shoes . 
Please , as per usual , order half size down for Clarks shoes . 
The leather is thick and durable ( again , better quality and finish than the Bushacre ) , and wears well , showing distress and creases like a patina . 
And the price is right.Quick note for the high school or college student : these can literally dress with anything , including suits , so if you need a pair of shoes for weddings , commencements , interviews , churches or making a nice impression on parents or whomever , these work in lots of situations . 
Love my new Clark's boot I don't why I'm so addicted to these shoes they fit and feel great on my feet . 
This boot does run a bit on the large side . 
I would go a half or full size down from what you wear in athletic shoes.The boot is a nice casual boot that matches with a lot of different outfits . 
I would prefer a bit more arch support , but overall I really like the style and comfort for the price . 
Has become one of my go to shoes on the weekend . 
The sole starts to wear in the middle which causes your feet to also wear more in the middle . 
I made sure to try them on at a nearby Clarks outlet and was very surprised to find that I needed to wear an 8.5 sized boot . 
My normal size in Asics sneakers is 9.5 so I hope that is a useful reference for some . 
Taupe suede looks great with most of my outfits ! 
Once they're broken in , they feel almost like slippers . 
What more could you ask for ? I will undoubtedly wear these until they fall apart , then buy another pair , and repeat ! That said , here's some sizing advice : I would suggest ordering these one-half size smaller than you usually wear . 
Some reviewers say to order a full size smaller , but for me , that would be too much . 
I usually wear a 10.5 , and I bought these in a 10 ; they seemed quite snug at first , but after a few weeks , they fit like a glove ! 
They also seem to be relatively narrow shoes , so if you usually wear wides , you might want to stay away.The only small negatives : They provide almost no arch support ; my feet don't mind this , but yours might . 
Oh well - people don't see the bottoms of your feet all that often . 
The Clarks site suggests using a conditioner / protector with oils and lanolin , so I applied some Dr . Martens Wonder Balsam ( which contains lanolin , oil and beeswax ) . 
It did provide the conditioning and protection I was looking for , though.So ... buy a pair now - you won't regret it ! 
He handed down to me , and I wore it in college . 
Then , it died . 
I'm going to buy another set of this , so I can pass it down to my child . 
Very nice looking , but tha't all positve I can say , but very basic construction too : No lining , not Footbed.This is not a shoe I can consider confortable . 
We saw them in the Manhattan NY and he tried them on but they cost almost double in the store . 
Now I got one problem - he doesn't wear it because he keeps it for special occasions so I don't get to see the shoes too often :-( 
I can't say anything bad about these . 
I actually expected to have to replace the shoe strings much sooner since they look cheap but so far , so good ! 
Really very fashionable and nice to wear .. I enjoy wearing them as they are very soft and fitting . 
I will order again . 
Love my shoes I've been trying to find these shoes for a long time I remember these shoes from my youth when they were in style . 
Anything else just doesn't compare , close but no cigar . 
He wore them faithfully in the 80 ' s and what can I say , he's a real " 80 ' s man " lol . 
He normally wears size 10 , but we had to go with an 11 so I guess they run a bit small . 
I think this is a must for any guy young or old . 
Definitely recommend . 
I have Bostonians that are 30 years old but these shoes are not half the quality of my older pairs . 
I take a 10.5 ( a little on the wide side ) so I debated between 10 and 11 . 
I have yet to find another brand that is their equal for the money . 
I have been debating about buying this sandal for quite some time now , since it was on sale I bought it . 
however , in my opinion they went and put the Strap for tightening the sandal on the WRONG SIDE . 
Although , it is livable , but inconvenient for anyone reaching to outer side of the sandalWill I return them ? 
I love to shop at Amazon more exclusive and if something happens or I get something wrong Amazon has always made   responsible and better ; acquires another company uses Amazon are excellent , Amazon is always an excellent product.shoes , for example , I love the shape , the comfort of the beautiful in all that I can even give gende and love and is also bought through Amazon , as well as any product I buy , is really cute . 
They were called Chukka Boots or Wallabees , but we now call them Walter White Shoes ( Breaking Bad reference ) . 
these are the originals too ! ! 
No copies ! ! 
I'm wearing mine with renewed pride ... 
seems well made and does what intended . 
Lots of circulation for the noggin . 
Very well constructed with no loose ends etc ... 
The fabric feels nice and the hat is what I would call a low rider ... meaning you do not have a huge top ... I have tried some other outdoor light weight hats and while they were nice they tended to be a little overdone . 
This hat is just right . 
I wear a size 8 in official MLB hats ... this is the only truly fitted cap I wear and that size is just a little too big.This XL hat goes down over my big head and when pressed far down the top of my head is actually in contact with it ... Which is what I want . 
You can tighten the leather strap under you chin or you can use it the way I do ... as a way to hold the hat on the back of my neck / back when I want to take it off for a short time.Very pleased . 
In the box they included a fee sample of Allegra and a packet of coupons ... I only saw one thing that interested me ... 
BUT on the packet there is a coupon code for 10 bucks off on a 99 dollar purchase . 
Tried and true " ye olde cotton house coat " design . 
No surprises at a good value for money price . 
That said , the picture has a greyish tinge but the house coat has in fact a lily-white quilted shoulder area and the stripes are a pretty pestel rainbow stripe . 
The stiching and top stitching are flawlessly neat . 
I am now a loyal National customer . 
Saves trips putting things back where they belong . 
Wish it had a zipper instead of the snaps . 
Will probably put one in . 
The snaps seem to gape when sitting . 
Pretty colors and nice material . 
It fits perfectly and it looks dashing , although I tend to look like a Time Lord , ventriloquist dummy , Pee Wee Herman , Bill Nye the Science Guy , etc . 
I wasn't thinking and ordered " Red " but it worked just fine and looked great . 
Easy to wear , looked cute , and my student got a good laugh out of it . 
Get compliments . 
Not heavy and go good when I wear anything black . 
I've purchased more expensive " name brand " bras only to have them fall apart in no time . 
I tried it on as soon as it was delivered . 
I ordered 38D . 
It also came with clear straps . 
That was a bonus . 
If your looking for a strapless bra that is low cut and won't fall down , this would be the bra for you ! 
Beautiful product in both design and craftsmanship ! 
! 
The strap looks good and serves a purpose for when you dont want the hat on your head . 
I may have gone with a 1/2 size larger just for the space . 
I'm a size 7 but in this style I could really use a 6.5 , except they don't make half sizes . 
So my feet would always look a little lost in them , but I'd tighten the strap to keep them on my feet and wear them at home and walking the dogs on fairly tough , hilly high desert terrain . 
I liked the feel of the nubs , but inevitably they'd break off in big patches and the strap would start tearing off and I'd have to tape it closed . 
And of course , the sole would be worn down and I'd be sliding down slopes . 
Which meant it was time to buy another pair for the next year.But it looks like I won't be buying these sandals this year . 
I've been pricing them on Amazon and other places online , and I think they're expensive for what you get and how long they last , and there's really not much of a selection . 
I suspect there's a lot of snob appeal to these sandals and the company deliberately makes them a little hard to find . 
I'm giving them 3 stars for sentimental reasons . 
Vendor fulfilled their end of the bargain . 
For whatever reason the shoes ( clearly marked size 13us ) fit more like size 12 . 
My toes were smashed in the end of the shoe . 
I didnt even try to stand up . 
My 19 - year old son is hard on shoes , and tends to run through sneakers pretty fast , but these appear to be holding up OK . 
inside of the shoe hold feet comfortably snugly .  Never actually wear them for soccer or even tie them but they are durable , casual and great walking shoes . 
not sure why i bought thought it would be cool but nubs really hurt they ended up in a free pile . 
guess i made somebody else in the apartment complex happy though lol ... 
Without socks they hurt . 
I had to agree after I gave them a try . 
they were too wide at the toes , and my little toe was almost coming out of the whole , a problem I have had with other keen sandals I tried 
I really love Keen sandals . 
No problems wearing them straight out of the box . 
I have four pair now but I prefer the ' Whisper ' model to these because the Newports are a little bulkier looking . 
Not really a problem , though . 
Depending on the shoe make , I wear either an 8 or 8 1/2 , but Keens seem to run a little small . 
I like the style of these better . 
They seem to be a classic look for KEEN , and I adore the yellow triangle with the ! 
in it . 
They're comfortable , cute as heck , fit very well with plenty of room in the toe box , and people actually stop me to ask about them . 
These shoes have plenty of support without being too snug or lumpy , and will be great on the trail in warmer weather ( it's a very cold end of March here in NC ) . 
You cannot go wrong buying KEEN ! 
I read from other reviews to order a half size up , and I agree . 
OMG . 
Great for hiking , walking , and soon will test out at festival-going ! 
As all the reviews state , go up by half size . 
I wear a 9 and got a 9.5 . 
Keens are being manufactured so that they are much more narrow than they have been in previous years . 
This makes it very difficult to figure out your correct size . I'd originally ordered a pair to replace the pair I've been wearing for three years now in the same size only to find that they felt and looked like they were a full size smaller both in width and from heel to toe.Be careful of who you purchase from on Amazon for this reason . 
They only provide a generic label to fill out so that you can pay the shipping yourself . 
This was particularly misleading because according to even the shipping invoice they are supposed to follow amazon's return policy . 
I ordered them online - - and I think I probably just got the wrong type of Keens . 
I returned them . 
They felt like hard plastic inside , and I had a good idea I'd hate ' em wet . 
They'd be slippery inside with no good way to get a grip - - of course they'll dry quickly , but they felt so so slippery and like very hard cheap plastic inside . 
I didn't like it at all . 
The toe area fit pretty much like how the picture looks - - it was huge and I felt like I was wearing clown shoes . 
Maybe you get use to it . 
I'm glad that I got these a whole size bigger so they are wide enough . 
I will also be wearing a thin sock with this because my pinkie toe seems to rub . 
I like the hard toe protection and the tread on these . 
Should last me many miles ... 
True to size , ( 7 ) in length and width . 
Would I order them again ? 
You bet I would ! 
I think that these would have been great shoes , but they were slightly too big so I returned them . 
These KEENs are the same good quality of my old ones and fit just as expected . 
You cannot go wrong with this shoe model . 
Sandals were very nice however totally different fit from the 3 pairs of Keens I already own . 
Very disappointed . 
I'm floored by the quality of these shoes . 
I've tried other sports sandals . 
Not because I'm athletic but because I like the idea of a multi purpose shoe . 
Other brands fit so off and tend to have an arch so high that my foot cramps within minutes . 
I could wear these shoes all day ! 
Best thing is i feel stable while walking . 
Doesn't feel like I'm walking on big rubber soles ... if you've worn competitor brands you know what I'm talking about . 
I hope they last a long time . 
I would have rated these 5 stars for the show itself and the comfort factor , but was a tad disappointed to find that these run on the small side . 
I tend to wear a size 9 in shoes , but buy a 9.5 in sneakers to allow for socks . 
I didn't want to bother returning them and will definitely buy again , but just order 1/2 size larger next time.Excellent quality . 
The brand is my go-to shoe . 
These are a little bit clunky looking compared to another style of Keen's water shoe , but the color is so fun and looks good with my capris and shorts as well as jeans . 
Although it was a sandal , it was warmer and heavier than shoe in subject line . 
I ordered the Green / Yellow ones instead . 
I have high arches and wide feet . 
These sandals looked great but were too tight over my foot . 
The heal strap pinched . 
They would be find for someone with a more narrow foot . 
( The Keen Venice sandal fit much better . ) 
My wife is slightly disabled and she used this backpack on a 6 week trek through Europe . 
We did take care not to drag it up steps as you can only expect the wheels to take so much abuse . 
If you can learn to pack light , this bag is great ! 
My daughter loves this backpack . 
It fits everything , including clothes , and the pattern is really nice , doesn't show dirt either ! 
Can't go wrong with Zebra and print for a too-be teenage girl ! 
MY THIRD JANSPORT BACKPACK IN 22 YEARS . 
THEY REALLY LAST ! 
So far it's pretty sturdy ! 
Is not nearly as big as they try make you think it is on the video , the lady says she is going to college and she can fit 10 textbooks in here while I bought it and 3 textbooks were hard to fit in the bag 
I can pack all the textbooks I want in here with my lunch , drink , and all the extra stuff that goes with school . 
The neon pink also renders me highly visible when I'm walking around , which I need since there are so many terrible drivers about . 
I expect this backpack to last me forever , so I guess I'll check in in a few years . 
Lots of compartments for school items and books . 
Definitely would buy again . 
They have alot of room and I give it to my child so they can carry all their things in it without any problems with zipping it up . 
These bags last a long time too . 
Very light when empty and has padded straps . 
Bright , almost neon pink . 
And it was cheap too ! 
! 
the biggest thing with this backpack that might be an issue is the lack of padding - if you're planning to lug a lot of heavy stuff whenever you use it , it'll be uncomfortable . 
Just as in the picture . 
Cute and functional . 
I bought this backpack for my 6 year old , but as soon as I got it , I thought , " this is NOT going to last ! 
This backpack is poorly made , with cheap materials . 
It feels weak , like it's going to rip soon . 
Of course , you can get back to me in 6 months , and I am happy to report to you then , if I was wrong . 
Oh , another disappointment I seemed to have missed when I purchased this backpack , is there aren't ANY external netted , water bottle holders :( 
i'm a beefy dude ( XL shirt size ) , and this was too small to fit comfortably on my back . 
everything else about it seemed alright . 
standard jansport backpack . 
My girl needed a back pack and I had this brand when I was in school and loved it and so far she says that she loves hers too ! 
very light weight I have everything in this backpack . 
Too much love it would buy again but with more compartments 
That's enough of a recommendation for me ... lol 
I needed a back pack to get through the awkward stages following knee surgery . 
This backpack is very roomy and I get compliments about how pretty it is . 
This is a great quality , light weight book bag . 
It is perfect for a middle school aged child . 
After using this product for a year now it still looks and feels exactly the same as when i first bough it thats why i usually buy janSport . 
Disappointed with the backpack . 
We bought this for our 5th grade daughter and it's too small for her to carry all of her stuff for school . 
It's also flimsy feeling , nothing like the JanSport backpacks that I had when I was in school . 
this little backpack is basically perfect . 
i'm never going back to purses when these things are around . 
it can hold : a sweater and jeans ; four beer bottles ; a foot-long sub ; medium-bulky headphones and a stolen baguette . 
I have a couple of other jansport backpacks , so I was very surprised by the quality of this bag . 
The canvas is very thin , not what I expected . 
Also , this bag is tiny , way smaller than I thought it would be . 
Actually it seems like the sort of thing that would come with a baby doll . 
Disappointed and returned . 
Second hand doesn't line up . 
Bezel doesn't turn freely . 
Date and day were hard to adjust . 
This thing made me look two sizes smaller ! ! ! 
Great for looser clothes or rouching . 
price would indicate that it is-but no it is not-i bought another for less than half of that price and it fits and does not roll-i will just dump it-a lesson learned 
The only thing I really don't like is that the boning really doesn't hold you in . 
I have to say , I like the Rago one I got right before this one arrived . 
very happy with this product , it fit as expected and I overall very happy with product , i would recommend to a friend . 
I do feel the support but it won't cinch your waist . 
However I did have back surgery about 2 mos . 
ago and I do find that it does support my mid section . 
It would be fine as long as you never had to move , or sit down . 
It's just crazy uncomfortable . 
it work as thant my girlfriend loves the fect that she has am hour glass shape now it will do a good job for you 
Right now i cannot wear it because of medical conditons . 
as soon as i get rid of this tube in my side , i will start using it full time . 
Firm hold without being uncomfortable . 
i dont like the fit . 
They also run a little small . 
I weight 125 and the Med would not even fit over my calfs . 
I was disapointed with the fit or no fit . 
The product was nicely made but I am sorry for the miss sizing . 
Something should be done about the miss information on the sizing . 
Flexees - well after my first order to fit me ... they came and did not fit .. 
So i sent back and order the next size .. and I am so happy I did .. 
Maybe it might be best to order your next larger size .. 
I really feel that wearing these beautiful [ and they really are beautiful ] panties , that i go Down ONE size , maybe more--and that is in a straight dress . 
NO Tummy or Excess hips .. 
So pleased with these Flexees ! ! ! 
The problem with some of these products is they are uncomfortable , but this one is not . 
It fits well , supports properly , and feels comfy all day long . 
I wore this under a new dress that showed my pudgy stomach . 
Not too much as to not breathe just as if you were sucking it in without actually sucking it in since at some point you relax and boom pudgy stomach ! 
My only complaint is the granny line I wish they came up higher in the leg but these were a good price good fit and actually do what they say . 
The size chart is not helpful for these briefs because the size chart does not ask for hip measurements . 
My size in these ended up being XXL and I have never worn anything bigger than a size Large before . 
Even then , the leg holes are kind of restricting and I worried about losing circulation to my legs . 
Haha . 
I returned all of them and went with different shapewear . 
These fit well I just had a baby 3 months ago and wanted some control when I go out and about . 
I am 5 ' 1 143lbs for size comparison and the mediums where a good fit , they fit good around my legs and butt . 
I also bought the smalls and got them about to my thighs and took them back off , just to tight . 
I will use them later after I lose weight . 
I suppose I could have gotten the large but I don't think they would be as controlling . 
Colors look as pictured , they look nicer in person . 
I have worn Lilyette bras for many years , but every time I go to get a new one , Lilyette is not making the one I like . 
This has happened twice . 
The one I got this time fits , but it does not minimize nearly like the old ones . 
I was trying to replace a discontinued bra . 
When I searched for my old bra , this was suggested . 
It doesn't appear to look like that in the picture.All and all it was a big disappointment . 
This bra basically smoothed my breasts down and was not flattering . 
The size was ok and same as my regular size of 34C . 
If you want to make your breasts appear smaller , this can work . 
wanted this to wear soon for a function , but the size isn't true to size and it is to tight . I will keep it however and loose some weight and maybe be able to wear it . I suggest if you want one of these do a siize larger . 
Will try 34 B next time . 
I bought three pairs of these , All the same size . 
They aren't the best cut boyshort but they aren't the worst quality . 
I would say eh . 
Low profile and stretchy . 
I would get more of these in the future for her . 
I all most had given up when I found this ! 
Highly recommend for curvy ladies I'm a size 10-12 more 12 on bottom . 
Fits everything very well . 
The stretchy fibers move with you . 
Wish they had more colors . 
Only black and white in my size . 
Otherwise I would have given them 5 stars . 
I am hooked on these panties . 
I am about 160 lbs these days and ordered the size 7 which is Large.They don't ride up ; are very comfortable and have a flattering fit.The fabric is lightweight , nice and smooth along with the cotton crotch lining.The fabric is very giving / flexible material and easy to care for.My only problem has been in the wash ... The lace comes apart a bit after being in the washing machine and I have to cut the string bits off . 
Not a major problem . 
I have upwards of 20 pairs . 
Bought these for airsoft and so far they are very durable , when it comes to handling crawling through the dirt or being snagged by thorns and bushes . 
They may run a tad large , but bigger is better than smaller . 
These are pretty good shoes . 
I ended up getting the Black and Red ones in size 11 . 
They fit well lengthwise but a little on the narrow side . 
Bought them elsewhere since they were a little cheaper than on here . 
I have never had a problem with buying Nike . 
These are great for walking and running . 
Also they are pretty so she like to wear them 
However , if they do leak , they feel it quicker rather than they would in a diaper , so in addition to everything else , that makes them great potty training pants . 
I used the sizing chart and was really disappointed by the fact that they were very snug and the rise was two short . 
I'm giving them to my daughter who is a little shorter and a size smaller . 
My daughter and I wear leggings . 
These leggings are soft and feel very nice on . 
I am larger and need the slimming effect . 
They have the soft comfy feel of a slipper , and the full coverage of a loafer . 
Would definitely order the same in the future ! 
I got these for my wife . 
They are handmade , albeit overseas , entirely of very soft leather , including the bottoms , which are soft . 
My wife says some people will wear only these shoes because they believe standard-shoe-rubber insulates them from the earth , while these allow them to remain connected to it . 
They slip on and off . 
Because there is less material , they make my wifes feet look smaller , which is kind of cute , and I don't have a thing for feet or anything . 
They look much better in person . 
They are very simple , no weird colors , no weird patterns , just nice clean lines that go with just about anything . 
I really love these shoes . 
I was expecting more after reading the other reviews on this product . 
I normally wear a 6.5- 7 , but after reading the other reviews that said these shoes run large , I ordered a 6.5 . 
They were too small ( too short and too tight ) for my foot . 
So , I sent them back and got a 7 . 
The length is better , but they're still a little tight . 
I know they will stretch . 
I've been wearing them 1-2 times per week for roughly a month , and they already have some frayed fabric . 
The most annoying thing about these shoes is that the laces WILL NOT stay tied ! 
I'm thinking of gluing or sewing them down it's so bothersome . 
The material is soft . 
I am a size 8 , I would advise anyone ordering to go a size larger than what they are . 
I wear a thin sock with mine cause my toes go to the end of the shoe . 
The pictures show the red as more raspberry , but in reality it's more crimson / cherry . 
Which is fine , as it was what I was hoping for.The color is so strong , in fact , that it's rubbing off on my socks and feet ! 
But that's no problem , it'll wash out and the excess dye will eventually rub out of the shoe.The leather is genuine and soft , and the sole is durable . 
Hopefully , these shoes will last me ! 
If they don't , I'll update my review.Overall , I recommend this shoe ! 
If you have wide feet , just order your right size . 
Anyway , it is a nice product , worth buying . 
When buying be sure to get a whole size down they will stretch in no time . 
They are so nice and comfy don't even know I'm wearning them . 
I buy only minnetonka mocc's from now on . 
Choose just think looks very comfortable , the actual wearing is very appropriate , after than other thangkas so some shoe , also more strong , will buy again 
Fit is narrow . 
After that I walked around the house with them on , wearing 2 pairs of socks to stretch them a bit . 
It worked fine . 
However , after just 3 days of light wear , the lining of the soles are coming apart . 
The glue has become gummy and lost its adhesiveness , so I am unable to put the liners back in place . 
I am very disappointed in this product and I will think twice about buying another pair of Minnetonka's . 
Would definitely buy again . 
it does run narrow thought . 
My shoes should be no less than that because I use them 12-14 hours a day . I buy them for me , my father and my father-in-law . 
For the going price of these shoes though I am a little upset that the sole is clearly plastic / rubber with a leather print . 
With that in mind I could not justify spending another $ 70 to get a leather bottomed wingtip . 
So far in wearing these shoes for around 10 days I have only suffered one crease I each shoe , and I have only had to polish the shoes once . 
They are a little pricey , but they wear well and last a long time . 
from all the size comments on the reviews I was torn between ordering my usual size and some that said order a half size larger . 
I went with the usual size and it worked out well . 
I've had many types of Minnetonka Mocs but these were my first Moose ones . 
I'll never buy any other kind ! 
Hardly know they are on my feet and truly soft . 
Love the hard sole and wear them out and about as well as for house shoes . 
Beware though ... 
I wore some thick socks during cold weather and they stretched out a little more . 
( hate to wear any other kind ) 
Plus was the non-slip soles for this long winter . 
I wear these with professional orthotics as a nurse . 
I am on my feet for 12 hours a day . 
I used to have horrible foot pain after work but that is completely gone ! 
I have been looking for shoes similar to a pair of gray Nubuck Bare Traps I'd had for many years . 
They were so comfortable , always looked good even when they got wet in snow or rain . 
So when I saw the Merrills on Amazon I was ecstatic ! 
They are as good as , and maybe even better , as my old pair . 
I am so glad to have found these . 
From the reviews , I figured they would be heavenly , and they may be--if they weren't a half size too big . 
I ordered my normal 10M , and these are at least 10.5 M . 
My feet are swimming in them . 
They are like wearing slippers . 
Merrell , please bring them back . 
Don't discontinue them . 
I have bad feet & use Birkenstock high arch orthotics in my shoes . 
Due to a nerve condition in my feet , Tarsal Tunnel Syndrome , I can NOT wear shoes with laces . 
Merrells are the ONLY brand of traditional shoes I have found that do NOT put my feet to sleep . 
The soles will slip on wet , but most shoes do . 
I have been buying these for almost 14 years ( since I was 20 ) . 
This is probably my 4th pair . 
I prefer the fit of the moccasins . 
And , because they are sheepskin they stretch . 
It is just really hard to find perfectly fitting slippers . 
First , they only come in whole sizes . 
Second , slipper clogs seem to be the hot slipper item these days and if you have steep steps good luck with those . 
Much softer fleece and comfier than Uggs . 
With my old pair worn to pieces , I had to get another pair . 
I hope they last as long as my old ones ! 
The leather portion of the shoe is excellent , looks and feels great . 
I am keeping these shoes but I don't think that they will last very long . 
They look good but are a little flimsy . 
The shoes look good , seem sturdy and are attractive , and at first I raved about how much less likely they might be to fall apart than Sperry Topsiders , which are softer , more pliable and flimsier . 
But after wearing these shoes for a good month or so , they haven't loosened up any , and they squeak when I walk , no matter whether I wear them barefoot or with cotton or synthetic socks . 
Nothing makes the squeaking stop unless maybe if I walk like a duck . 
Maybe I just got the wrong size , I don't know , but I'm probably not going to buy another pair , I will go back to Topsiders . 
hard to find a pair of black boat shoes that actually match everything . 
don't waste your money on black leatherish ones like I used to because they fade and get smudgy ultra quick . 
I really like this shoe and am glad I bought it . 
sebago is a great product and i am very happy with the product . 
it is just like the picture on the site . 
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this great shoe ! 
These are flat shoes , so you need a little room in the full width of the shoe . 
Also good fit in the heel . 
Well worth the money ! 
Just got mine today . 
So , be sure to order a half-size larger and wider than you normally would . 
Otherwise , you ARE going to need some shoe stretchers GUARANTEED . 
I bought this shoe a little bigger than I normally wear based on customer reviews and the shoes fit a little loose because of that decision . 
Recommend them for wear in the office or casual with jeans . 
I mean really ? 
The fit is good and it looks very good . 
Recommend this shoe to anyone interested . 
He decided to keep them and wear them with thicker socks , but he thinks they're roughly a half-size too big , but shoe factories don't make 14.5 and he knows a straight 14 will hurt his feet . 
He owns black and now brown and can't live without them ! 
Cole Haan is he high quality . 
That said , I love these ... they're durable , I love the length at just about my knee , maybe a little below , and they fit great . 
Just a little higher than I'd prefer . 
If you like the length of these , but can't deal with the waist height , check out the plaid Dickies shorts - still longer , still durable , but less rough material and they sit a little lower . 
Good shorts , a bit snug , but I know Dickies pants run a bit smaller than sized . 
If you go up a size you may be OK . 
Unless you are Ed Norton cleaning sewers , these are not for you . 
They are stiff and lacking any sense of style . 
That being said I am less enthused about the lack of a button fly . 
Instead it has one of those clasps , the kind they put on dress pants . 
I received my FIRST pair of Skechers and tried them on . 
Not a complaint to be found on this product . 
So if you have to buy the double E because the regular E isn't available , they'll be okay . 
That's the only down side to having the same size as many others . 
They tend to go out of stock quickly . 
Well made , with one exception : the Tongue has a fabric " hook " at the top . 
No biggie for me ... but that is what happened .. 
. 
I only recommend one thing : purchase the next size you usually use . 
For example if you use 10 you should purchase 10.5 size . 
It worked for me . 
I walked with them for a while and I feel very fresh my feet . 
They are made in Vietnam . 
Definitively recommend this shoes . 
No complaints.Fast free shipping , fair pricing , quality product , adiquate packaging . 
What more can we ask for , right ? 
Thank you Amazon.com . 
Dr Sholls , Adams , Floorshein , Madden , I tried them on different type of shoes , however I found Sketchers is the most reliable to get a good fit and a late style shoes . 
They add lots of spring to your step and are comfortable . 
I'm glad I got them . 
Recommended . 
Oh , and GREAT price . 
I like these so much I have 3 pair . 
But I'm tough on shoes , so I don't know precisely if I did it , or if it was a defect in the show . 
I get a lot of compliments on these White Oxfords . 
I wash these prior to wearing , and let them dry at room temp . 
I'm 55 , 6 ' , 180 , and rotate shoes every other day . 
I highly recommend these if you are looking for a quality walking or running show without breaking the bank . 
That's why I live the sketchers brand and keep coming to it over and over again . 
I have neve bought a pair of Skechers before , but I am glad I desided to buy these at this time . 
They are a comforable , good looking , and a quality made shoe . 
The style and the fit are excellent , and again I am very pleased with the purchase of this product . 
I basically just use them for walking . 
! 
I RECIEVED THE SHOE ON TIME AND WORE THEM RIGHT AWAY . 
they looked good but weren't nearly as comfortable as i was expecting . 
i ended up returning them . 
i expected better after reading the reviews , so i was disappointed . 
We live overseas and the base exchange never has shoes big enough . 
My husband loves these shoes , so as soon as they start showing wear , I order another pair ! 
These shoes are the best shoes I have bought in a long time ! 
I needed some walking shoes that could hold up to the winter ice and snow , and these are perfect for my needs ! 
I would give them more than five stars if I could . 
! 
Nice-looking with good texturing . 
Well-constructed . 
I am on my feet alot so I need very supportive and comfortable shoes . 
I found this to really work for me . 
The price is right . 
I feel like i now float through air as i wrk highly recommend :-) 
I bought these because my last pair was killing my feet ! 
I wore these about 14 hours last weekend and I felt perfectly fine after running around all night ! 
I have stuck with this shoe . 
When my old pair wears out i always buy these . 
I have purchased many Skechers in the past , but I must say this is the first pair I have been disappointed with . 
They really hurt my feet . 
I am trying to break them in although I have never had to do this with Skechers before . 
I CANNOT wear them to work so I guess I will just wear them around the house . 
I suggest another kind of Skechers for people on their feet throughout the day . 
Makes going to work more tolerable since my feet don't hurt even after 8 hour days . 
These shoes are pretty comfortable , however they do fit a little smaller than my regular size , I wish I would have gotten a 1/2 size bigger . 
I would definitely recommend them . 
Such was the case with this shoe . 
It was my first time purchasing this shoe . 
I've wanted a pair for quite some time and I was pleasantly surprised to see it discounted over 40 % a little while ago and decided that it was now or never . 
I ordered size 10 . 
It was immediately apparent that my size in this model was actually a half-size lower , so I immediately requested an exchange . 
Amazon makes this easy and , even though the price had gone up substantially , I wasn't charged the difference . 
I received size 9 1/2 a couple of days ago and immediately started wearing them . 
I've read other reviews that describe this shoe as being on the heavy side . 
Possibly , however I will say that , in my opinion , any shoe that affords the degree of comfort and support this one does will have what I would term a " substantial presence . " I do not find it to be excessively heavy and my feet do not fatigue with extended wear . 
Although I've only had it for a couple of days , I can already envision this shoe to be a favorite . 
I almost wish I'd purchased 2 pair at the price I paid . 
I watched the price fluctuate in my shopping cart under " Saved for Later " for several months before I finally went for it . 
I've only seen it offered lower once ( 27 cents ) , so I bought as close to the bottom as possible in my opinion . 
My shoes arrived yesterday , and there were some scuffs on the toes and a gouge on the back of one . 
The right shoe had a mark in it that looked like a wide felt tip pen had glanced across it , and upon further inspection was likely to be an area of excess dye . 
I requested a return.So why four stars a out of five for a returned item ? 
This model feels like they were made for my feet , and nothing else has ever come close . 
All in all they are great shoes . I suppose these had been on display somewhere for a while , and that might explain the relatively low price . 
The size was good , the feel was incredible . 
The issue doesn't seem to be a Mephisto problem , so I am not going to dock but one star . 
The footbed and insole were noticeably uneven , as you can feel that the heel padding was very pronounced under the foot . 
The insole is very thin under the ball of the foot without any padding there at all.The heel seems to be way too high , these shoes had a very noticeable 1.5 inches of heel height . 
As I am 6 foot tall , I don't need any heel lift , I think this may have been a mislabeled production run of the platform shoes version . 
Actually made me feel self conscious about the extra height since it was so obvious.The sizes are a full size too large , I will try re-ordering a 10.5 and I wear a 11.5 normally . 
These shoes are also kinda heavy . i put some different insoles from a pair of skate shoes and the ball of the foot felt much better , and the footbed felt more level as if the heel height wasn't so pronounced . 
For an expensive shoe like this , I shouldn't have to replace the insole to achieve proper cushioning or to make the shoe feel better.The tongue has very little padding and should be 1/2 inch longer . 
Would prefer if they changed the D rings to actual eyelets instead , as i like to keep my laces loose , and D rings kinda look cheesy , hopefully my pants will cover them up though . 
Much too large in the heel area.For a walking shoe not very flexible and shoes seemed to be very heavy.Quality of workmanship was excellent.Shoes were returned to Amazon with no problem . 
For dockers cap toe shoes these are good so far . 
Size was right on and no glaring imperfections or pitfalls in the early running so to speak 
As above , try them on at a local retailer for size and fit . 
The savings on shipping and tax have beat out buying these on the economy . 
I bought these Black Dockers Men's Gordon Cap Toe Oxford shoes , because of Dockers Brand name , and the price . 
But now I realize only the uppers are leather , the rest of the construction is man made materials . 
I would've preferred to pay more and get a pair of shoes wholly made of real leather . 
However the workmanship these shoes looks pretty good . 
If they last as long as a pair of real leather shoes , then I made a good decision with these . 
The rubber soles are a plus for me . 
So , time will tell if I bought a pair of shoes that will last a long time . 
It goes great with everything . 
I noticed that the heel portion becomes a little too stiff and make my heel soar a bit . 
I threw a gel insert an problem is gone . 
Would recommend this shoe for that role . 
They also have some treads in the soles so you don't feel like you're going to die if you walk on something somewhat slick . 
I saw that Dockers Shoes were on sale on Amazon . 
They have a nice non skid sole , so no slipping on wet , ice or snow but still have that dressy / business look to them . 
Very vulnerable to scuffing / doesn't look good a little scuffed like some leather , but that's to be expected for the price . 
I received the shoes on time as expected . 
The grained finish hides some sins , but does seem to get scuffed easily . 
Great for this terribly snowy winter we've been having in NY ! 
well made boot ... sole of boot has a good grip in snowy and extremely cold weather ... 
I put sno-seal on the boots 
So yea ! , I learn something here for holiday , no matter what you get or what you give everyone will say : I LOVE IT ! ! ! 
! In this case this boots were for my husband , he loves Caterpillar Men's 2nd Shift 6 " Plain Soft Toe Boot , and has to be this exact style or he wil freak out ! 
! 
They feel like high quality boots and some times you need some stompers . 
But these boots are heavy even for stompers . 
They are well made and I took one star off for how heavy they are . 
However there's nothing " soft " , shoes are hard as rock . 
After wearing them for a month they become a bit softer , but first few days my feet were in stress . 
No slippage in the snow , waterproof , and has a good nice fit . 
Can't get much better . 
theses fit perfectly and are made very wellthey could be much better with a more comfy insoleand a few days are needed to break in the stiff leather 
I typically wear a size 12 ( with some Reef's I even wear an 11 ) .. 
The strap leaves little space although the sandals do conform to your feet with time . 
I wear size 10 or 10.5 and these fit me perfectly . 
My last pair lasted me 2 years of very regular wear before wearing holes in the soles , so I picked up another pair . 
I live in Southern California and wear these every day . 
The Fit as expected . 
The price was much better than brick and mortar stores . 
But I am told that they really like them , and the fit is what they like . 
Bought these for my 20 yr . old daughter and she is very pleased with them . 
But order in a size smaller ! 
you cannot go wrong with these ! 
But the sole is thick will probably last a long time . 
My feet just can't handle stiff shoes . 
I gave them away 
It's maybe a liittle big but nothing wrong . 
Good denim . 
No ... No ... No ! ! ! 
It seems some customers ( ME ! ! ! ) 
can't order the right size . 
But I tried them on , and although too big , the quality was there . 
I just ordered the correct size after my faux pas . 
Bought this for my hubby . 
He loves to wear this , it's his favourite . 
These are just like all the rest , well made , long lasting and a good fit . 
I was so glad to find a well-made , heavy denim , reasonably priced pair of jeans that came in a 32 " waist and 36 " inseam . 
For $ 14 you can't beat these jeans ! 
The fabric seems durable and very dark blue with orange stitching . 
They are very comfortable and I was able to wear them comfortably the very first time with no break-in , but there are a couple things that another purchaser may want to know ... I wear a U . S . women's size 10 shoe ( extremely consistently ) ... I ordered a 10 in these shoes and they are a bit big ... I could've gone with a 9.5 , so i would recommend ordering a half size smaller than usual . 
I was worried that it would be glitter because we all know how glitter can flake off and get all over everything , but it is actually tiny gold sequins which is very good . 
The only thing I do not like about the shoes are the soles ... they are blindingly white - makes me feel like George on that episode of Seinfeld where he wears those basketball jumping shoes and starts talking in 3rd person like Jimmy . 
Anyway , I think the soles would be much better in a tan color or even black . 
Hope this review is helpful ! 
Overall good shoes . 
But they are much stiffer and tighter than my other pair . 
Maybe the leather will stretch out and become softer after a few wears . 
These fit just like I recall my Sperrys fitting in the 80s . 
The pink soles are really fun without being too much . 
I thought these were so adorable and they fit like a glove . 
The colors are so adoable and I cant wait till spring . 
I currently have 9 cards in this holder and over the years I've gone through 3 or 4 of these . 
They are stiff at first but will eventually fit your cards . 
I have seven in the middle and one on each side . 
Like this hat very much . 
It is soft , yet substantial . 
Recommended ! 
It is spiffy ! 
! 1 
I wear a 7 1/8 ball hat and a size small / med fit me perfectly . 
I saw this for my 15mo . 
g'son and it looks adorable on him . 
And , it actually keeps it on ! 
Price is very good . 
fits well , looks nice , easy to put on , feels soft like wearing socks , make feet appear smaller.good color , great price quickly shipped 
My daughter asked for these boots for Christmas . 
She loves them . 
Her legs are very thin and she doesn't like her boots to flop around her calf so she loves these . 
I was attracted to these at my local department store , and tried them on there . 
Fortunately so , for I knew to order a size 10 rather than my usual size 9 . 
Mephisto thinks that a European size 40 is a size 10.Amazon ' s price was much cheaper , so I ordered the shoes from them.The shoes are comfortable right out of the box and have great arch support , but they do tend to run narrow . 
My foot is average width , and they are barely wide enough for me . 
If your foot is on the wide side , better choose another sandal.Overall , pleased so far ... we'll see how well they wear.Also : the " silver / sand " color is actually silver / sand boa---and is a faux snakeskin look that is very attractive---much more so than the photo . 
Took a little longer to receive than I expected , but it wasnt too long 
Fashionable and sensible . 
You can wear these sandals and walk for a long time and not have your feet or back hurt . 
I wear a size 8 but the Mephisto 8 is huge , so I ended up getting the 7 ( no half sizes in Mephisto , alas . ) 
I wear these all summer long . 
Even if I start out in a dress-up shoe with high heel , I carry the Mephistos to change into . 
The shape of your actual foot " molds " to the sole , so after you wear them in , they are like custom made shoes . 
The leather on these sandals looks so flimsy and cheap . 
These sandals run so small it is ridiculous . 
When I tried them , they were tight , hard and uncomfortable . 
For such a high price it is just a shame . I am sending them back tomorrow . 
I have a narrow foot . 
It's really too large . 
I love rainbow , sorry these didn't work out for me . 
I'll know in the future to order a slim . 
I'm a 8.5 to 9 depending on the shoe so I bought the women's large . 
When I tried them on my feet were sort of hanging off a little at the sides . 
My feet are about average width and I really thought for a bit on whether or not I should just keep them . 
I ended up returning these and actually visiting the rainbow store . 
So if your feet aren't particularly narrow , I suggest getting the men's pair . 
They really aren't that much wider than the women's , maybe a quarter of an inch . 
Rainbow Sandals are my absolute favorite . 
My first pair lasted so incredibly long , and truly , if I had taken better care of them they would still work to this day . 
Unfortunately , my first pair started to crack a bit in the strap after I took them on one or ten too many rainy / muddy camping trips . 
If you're a first time user , they are very uncomfortable at first , they will rub your feet in all the wrong ways , but have patience ! 
The leather will literally mold to fit your feet , and before you know it it's as if you are wearing a pair of custom made sandals . 
The discomfort bit only lasts a few wears anyway . 
The first day I wore these to work I took my old shoes just in case I couldn't take a whole day of breaking them in . 
Never needed to . 
I've been wearing these for a little over a week now , and my feet are happy happy happy ! 
Just what I needed - I will purchase again 
I am a big walker and thought I would try these shoes instead of buying my usual Ryka brand . 
I found the shoe to fit comfortably even with my special orthotic insert . 
The shoe is a little heavier than I prefer but the quality is very high . 
A nice shoe and seemed well made but just didn't feel good on my feet or give me the support I was looking for . 
I wanted pockets but it really runs large . 
Try it in a size smaller and see what you think . 
Washes very well ! 
I love this material . 
Very cheap , inferior material . 
Like a $ 5 scrub top . 
Very disappointed . 
I'm definitely sending this back and will never buy from National . 
Sorry , but this is pathetic . 
The picture looks like it has some body to it . 
Like it kinda flows , but really it is just lifeless and really ugly . 
The worst purchase I have made with Amazon and I have made many . 
The price is low but ugly is ugly . 
I hate to be negative and I feel bad for my bluntness but I can't believe they send this out . 
Unfortunately these are larger and longer then expected , half way down my shin and I am 6 ' tall so I am going to donate them . 
I would purchase these again if I could find them in a shorter version . 
I own all the camo colors - tiger stripe camo ( not shown ) is actually my favorite.Not the highest quality shorts but for < $ 25 they are well worth the money . 
Construction is good ; although I recommend washing in cold water and hang dry to reduce any color fading and minimize possibly breaking the lightweight zipper or popping buttons.The long length is good for those 6ft and over . 
I like the adjustable waist as I tend to lose weight from end of Winter towards Summer . 
As described . 
This watch is super thin and very classy looking . 
The seller sent this quickly and arrived in great condition in the Skagen case . 
He lost his last Skagen in his travels and was so sad . 
The day he opened this watch , which by the way comes on the sweetest little Skagen pillow which is just a little touch of class , it went on his wrist and hasn't come off since . 
My 11 year old son has decided he wants one exactly like it cause as he says , it's very cool . 
High praise indeed . 
I cannot comment on the watch itself because I returned it after trying it on . 
The problem is with the band . 
I spent a long time looking for a watch I liked and this seemed to fit the bill because it has a pleasant blue face with white fingers etc which are clearly seen . 
He loves it . 
Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that with these mesh bands , there is a small metal plate where it attaches to the watch on each side that doesn't bend . 
This is a replacement of my previous watch . 
The last one was also a Skagen . 
It was the slightly smaller model--which I think has an advantage size-wise , but is missing the date function and seems to be less popular . 
I've long been a fan of Skagen watches . 
My last one actually got run-over ! 
I like the canvas material . 
unfortunately keds has changed their factory or something becauseall the keds this year fit differentlyhave been wearing keds for over 40 years and this years don't fit the samehowever if you used to wear a 9 mediumthis 9.5 narrow seems to be the same as the old 9 medium 
I can wear the shoes with almost any outfit . 
These shoes really are a cute , quality shoe . 
ALMOST READY TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR . 
These shoes are so much lighter and cooler than the usual sneakers / crosstrainers . 
I add cushion insoles for wear at work where I am on my feet for a long time . 
I really like these shoes , but they were a bit large . 
I ordered a 6 and they were a little too big . 
The 7.5 was too long and we are reordering the 7.She has some keds already in a 7.5 , but does have one other pair that we had to reorder in the 7 . 
These look super cute and they are so comfortable , they actually have some arch support even though they look very flat . 
Way better fashion sneaker than the ever so popular converse which are terrible feeling on the feet . 
Keds fit true to size , I'm a 6 1/2 in them just like I am in everything else . 
I have normal size feet . 
I ordered these to wear in the spring / summer . 
I would have returned them if they didn't because me heels need it . 
I can't wait to wear these with shorts , skinny jeans , capris and casual dresses . 
they are good for sunny weather , very comfy too ! 
So refreshing to see a teen wearing Keds instead of some $ 100 + celebrity name tennis shoe ! 
and find them very versatile . 
So this particular pair will sit in the closet until I need them . 
I will buy a couple more for sure . 
For many years , I've worn this type of shoe . 
I washed them ONCE , by hand , with laundry soap and a little bleach . 
They're more yellow than white . 
I'm VERY disappointed - I finally decide to spend the money on some " quality " canvas shoes and get ripped off . 
I've washed them in just plain laundry soap and water , bleach and water , rinsed them in just water , used Sneaker Whitener . 
I will buy the " cheap " but QUALITY ones this coming summer and skip the Keds . 
I guess they'd be okay in colors , but I always liked white , with a tan and summer clothes , they would go with anything . 
VERY disappointed . 
I was advised to wear shoes that were enclosed . 
Take a step back in time , I went back to the comfort shoe I wore as a child . 
Now my feet are very happy and at a price that doesn't kill my pocket . 
I feel that its a little to big and it seems extremely long . 
If I wear this shirt I'm forced to tuck it in or else it looks like I'm wearing a dress . 
Next time I'd rather spend a little extra for a name brand shirt because I know it wont be crazy long on me . 
I was after tear away pants for a patient with a broken leg , got these by accident by I really liked them so I kept them for myself 
These pants are everything described , may get another pair to give as a present . 
they fit as expected and met all my requirements for fitness pants 
Some people say they are 2 long like that's a bad thing ! 
I'll take 2 long over 2 short any day ! ! ! 
! 
As a previous review already mentioned as well these are really on the large side . 
Way too baggy for my taste . 
OK standing up but as soon as one tries to sit in them the extra material will fold under one's leg s and buttocks making these pants really uncomfortable and forever tugging at the fabric truing to pull it out from under oneself . 
I bought these for my boyfriend who has been wearing two pairs of the same pants for nearly every other day of the week for at least 5 years . 
They held up well , but are looking drab and worn out . 
So I got these and was surprised to find they are just as good of a quality as the old pair . 
My only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the stitching seemed to be a bit off / uneven on the waistline - like they got past quality control and maybe should have been marked as irregular . 
I got these for jogging and playing a bit of basketball in . 
I really enjoy these and think they feel really comfrotable . 
I was a little worried about buying pants for hubby . 
I just went with the size of his underwear to figure out what size to get and it fits perfect . 
Hes 5 ' 10 and length is great . 
He wears these all the time . 
He would recommend . 
In fact i have a lot of these in different colours . 
This is a loose fit shirt if anyone is wondering 
I have a large chest and decided to shop for a few comfort bras recently , instead of worrying so much about what they look like . 
Playtex is the way to go for that , but I must say , this thing is kinda the worst of both worlds . 
It's really unpleasant to look at and makes my boobs look unnaturally pointy . 
I thought it looked like it had an excess of fabric when I decided to buy it , and it definitely does . 
I'd rather have an underwire than over an inch of structured fabric that is basically acting as a wire . 
I've been wearing it to the gym with one of those flimsy cloth sports bras over it , to cover up its scariness . 
Yet another Macgyver bra moment ... 
It is difficult to get this size in stores & the price was better here as well.Have already orderd another in different color . 
Fab fit ! 
! 
I got tired of buying old fashioned bras , in which the cups are too close together . 
One tiny problem is that the top part of the bra tends to show in some of the shirts I wear . 
Not recommended for low neck shirts . 
I had to take 2 full stars off for the horrid smell . 
Like to the point where I'm worried that someone will wonder if that awful smell is coming from me . 
:( 
I accidentally ordered the wrong size , my bad . 
I buy it all the time . 
After one wearing the left inner cup came loose . 
I had to mend it after one time of having it on . 
However , right out of the package I did notice the bra was stiff and uncomfortable looking . 
This is nothing that a little fabric softener won't fix . 
However , I would definitely buy this bra again , you can't have too many . 
The price was right ! 
But after I wore it and washed it a few times the inside elastic on the bottom of the bra turned sticky and I can't get it to off . 
No way could I wear this bra comfortably for 18 hours ! 
It was okay had some comfort to it not bad , I did find the cup to be a tweeny bit big but I could live with it well actually she can it was for my mom 
seems to run small . 
just had to get extender for it . 
So if haven't tried this brand u may want to before u buy it . 
Bought these for my wife for christmas and she loves them . 
I bought this bra for my exercise classes so that the girls are well supported . 
I like the broad straps that cushion my shoulders . 
Then again , didn't a man invent bras ? 
What do they know about our girls ? 
Purchased for someone who could not find her size at local malls . 
I suggest I try for her online and viola , it worked quite well . 
She likes very much and this has the wider straps . 
Will search for another brand . 
I gave this bra a 5 star rating . 
Have had problems in the past with bras that don't fit and this one does . 
It holds it shape as long as you don't put it in the dryer or wash it in hot water . 
I would recommend this to anyone . 
I have very ... round breasts , but I'm a D so I need support . 
If I loosen it too much I go from pointy , to saggy material . 
The edge has this itchy looping to it , the rings are relatively flimsy and all together it looks uncomfortable and poorly made . 
I think that this bra fits some people that need some " uplifting " but those that may already have it , well , we might as well start vogue-ing . 
That's what I did . 
Got a great laugh out of my husband , then I put it back in the box , and returned it . 
If I wore it for a day there is no doubt in my mind I would be knocking things off counters and running into stuff with my " torpedoes " . 
No amount of camisole , t-shirt , or any other outer covering could hide this shape - felt like if I had a vintage dress this bra would have shaped me perfectly , albeit uncomfortably ( as they stuck out so far ... ) as it is , I have no sassy vintage dress to wear this bra with , and I have been fitted recently . 
This was an utter failure . 
But I purchased another playtex bra , Playtex Women's 18 Hour Seamless Smoothing Bra #4049 , which is an absolute win . 
If you arent into pointy boob , but you are into support , that one might work for you too . 
So I guess as they saying goes , you win some , you return some . 
:) 
Great product 
Other than that , it is okay . 
I SHOULD HAVE ORDERED THE NEXT SIZE . 
I DO WEAR IT THOUGH . 
It fitted just right . 
I will but from this company again to get more bras . 
I chose this bra because I've tried many over the years and was disappointed . 
This bra looked like a good one and I figured I'd have nothing to lose by buying and trying one . 
I'm so glad I did , because it's exactly what you see . 
This one stays put on me and the support is like no other I've worn . 
There's very firm hold and there's no slipping . 
I will buy another for sure . 
I found the cup size to be a little larger but overall love the product . 
Will buy from them again . 
Thank you Amazon for offering them . 
i have bought this bras for my daughter for the first time and i havnt had no complaint with her at all so i assume she is please 
I would recommend for larger women . 
I will order more later . 
The cup is too big and loose . 
You can see the bad fit through my shirts 
There is a plastic ring in the back where the straps attach that is irritating . 
The only real problems I have are that they do produce a somewhat missile-tit effect , so you'll have to adjust yourself . 
I wish the material was thicker , and that bra companies would stop assuming anyone over a C-cup doesn't want any lining - I don't need people to know just how cold I'm feeling ! 
I wear a 42DDD , which is hard to find in wirefree without spending a fortune . 
I struggle with finding what feels good but found this bra to be just what I was looking for . I would recommend it to others . 
I find it hard to buy bras in department stores and boutiques because they do not come in my size . 
Some bra sizes are slightly off when you purchase them online . 
I waited much to long , and finally ordered a Playtex . 
No bulging , Feels so good to wear all day . 
I am so pleased , I ordered more in other colors .. so pretty . 
it's made long on the bottom and keeps rolling up under my breasts ... which aggervates the heck outta me ... love the wide shoulder straps ... if I could only get those with a NORMAL bra ... 
This bra does exactly as it claims , comfortable straps , and after all for us big breasted women / goddesses that is hard to find.Pretty too . 
This bra makes my breast feel very pointy like how those long ago bras used to fit and even thou i ordered my correct size d elastic that runs under d breast for d bra us uncomfortable ... 
now explain this ... my wife said the 42DD was too small , so she ordered the 42DDD this is too big , plus they added about 10yards more material ... 
It would be nice if all the manufacturers could get together and have standard sizes ! ! ! 
! 
HAVE BOUGHTEN THESE BEFORE AND WILL BUT THEM AGAIN . 
PLAYTEX IS THE ONLY BRA ! 
SIZES ARE PRETTY TRUE TO FACT 
I have not found anything wrong with these and the clasps hold well . 
I will caution to consider wearing a shirt over these and if you don't , to be conscious that you will tear up or scratch the leather on the back of your car seat or chair . 
These always are true to fit and I can never go wrong ordering them for him . 
The price is right too . 
I can't really dock the jeans points for being " rigid " , but holy cow , they aren't kidding . 
Being a " relaxed " fit and " rigid " is kind of counter-intuitive . 
If you're looking for something truly relaxed , and great-fitting , check out the 559 relaxed straight fit jeans . 
These jeans have been around in one iteration or another since the dawn of pants . 
Fit has been consistent from pair to pair as I've bought them over the years and quality appears to remain on par . 
Will order again , of course ! 
Good fit and feel but the material these are made of seem to be a little thin . 
He won't wear any other brand of jeans . 
I only wear Levi's 550 ' s , mostly because I'm no longer the skinny guy I used to be , and need a little more room around the mid section . 
I really like the fit and comfort Im looking forward to getting another pair just cant decide what color ill be getting next . 
They're comfortable , they wash well and they match all of his shirts : success . 
These are good basic jeans . 
Durable fabric . 
Fit well . 
Rigid comes in a very dark inky blue ... for all purposes black . 
I have a slim / skinny build with muscular legs . 
However , I like my jeans to fit very closely from top to bottom and these seem to be the only Levi's that do that . I cannot recommend wearing a belt with these jeans as they only have five loops ; the belt ends up riding over the top of the jeans . 
You'll need to buy jeans in precisely your waist size ... which brings me to the point the Levi just doesn't do sizing except by " ship and try " method . 
They really are great and last forever . 
Good quality , well made and they wash really well . 
He wore a 32 x 36 , when we married in the regular boot cut Levis , but after years went by he had to go up to the 34 x 36 , and that was kind of OK for him until that size got snug . 
When I came across the 550 relaxed fit , AND he could still wear the same size , and they were comfortable and looked the same as regular fit , all was right with the world ! 
So I have to say , after all these years and his refusal to even look at another brand , really says something . 
I would definitely recommend these to anyone ! 
The fit is ok , but the material seems thinner than I'm used too . 
Don't think they will hold up as well . 
We'll just wait see how this pair stands up to the daily routine . 
Wish they were still made in the USA . 
Unfortunately , Levi's sizing is unreliable and the same size that has fit me well for a while is too small to wear as delivered here--so I've had to return the item . 
( Note that this isn't a one-time fluke : I have in my wardrobe along with several Levis that fit well another that is also too small . 
All the samples that I've mentioned are the same Levi's model , labeled with the exact same size . ) 
Bought relaxed fit before . 
this pair just seems to be just a little tight compared to the comfort fit . I like the jeans .. Don't get me wrong .. 
I could also stand to loose 10 pounds then I am sure they would fit great ! 
Levi's switched to a slightly lighter grade of denim , as it feels slightly thinner than in previous years . 
i would recommend 
Ordered these when I needed to get some new pairs of jeans for work . 
Arrived promptly and fit me well . 
We returned home from a 7 night trip a few days ago . 
This piece was the lightest , easiest to move , and I was surprised at how much I could fit into it . 
The only slightly irritating thing was the handle doesn't lock in place when extended . 
I wish it had a locking button like the other two pieces of luggage I recently purchased ( Travel Pro ) . 
I would still highly recommend this garment bag ; for the price , I think it's a great deal . 
I really like this bra and have worn this style for the last 3 years . 
I have to order a few more in different colors . 
My bra came on the 17th June , however , it is a lovely bra . 
Love the lace design.only one problem the cups were a little big . size 38 DD . 
was somehow too big should have taken 38D . 
Itchy ! 
It fits okay but seems to make my breasts look even larger when I would rather they be minimized . 
I will give it away after only one short wearing . 
Someone else might like it . 
If you're looking for a bra to fit the way its suppose to fit ; buy this one . 
The price is also great and I got it before they said that I would get it in the mail . 
Purchase this bra you will not be sorry . 
I now have two white , two honey and one black . 
Thank you Playtex ! 
Fits as I expected . 
It's old school and very cool to wear . 
I have been looking for this particular bra for several months . 
My daughter suggested I try it . 
Lots of support and easy on the shoulders . 
The cups are shaped a little pointy so I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars . 
Very tight around ribs and shoulders so I think a single D would have been sufficient . 
May buy another one in a D when it goes on sale :) color is a very soft pink , very pretty :) 
I suggest buying it ! 
I don't think I can emphasize that more . 
This bra Fits a little tight around my chest . 
If she didn't like the bras she would tell me , over and over again . 
Since she really likes the bras , I'm happy . 
I would have given this bra a 5 . 
But the front is too busy with lacing / stitching that will show through on my summer blouses . 
The cup had way too much room with my C cup . 
I think if I did decided to reorder this one it would be a size smaller . 
Runs big . 
Thank you 
In the summer weather very very light weight and good to wear.Will order in more colors . 
It lifts and shapes just right . 
It's still MUCH more comfortable than your average underwire , don't get me wrong , and I will still wear the crap out of it . 
It's just that I definitely want to take it OFF at the end of the day , whereas another lift bra I found , I could sleep in . 
I would still recommend this for sure . 
I have older breasts that are somewhat large and it's hard to find a bra that keeps them up.This one does ! 
Hallelujah ! 
great fit and feel 
Bought for my wife and she is pleased with the fit . 
We just ordered a second one . 
As I am losing weight , I did not want to spend too much on a bra and the girls slim down . 
I am an old girl and this is a bra I will actually wear . 
. 
I really like these bras . 
I will buy these again . 
I will buy this bra again when I need another one . 
Best bra I have bought in a long time . 
Normally , I wouldn't order bras online , but I was desperate and decided to trust the Playtex name . 
They didn't let me down . 
I'm thrilled to finally find a bra that meets all my needs . 
I ordered this bra for two reasons ; I love Playtex products , and it is a wire free bra . 
The delivery was on time , the packaging was neat , as expected of a Playtex item . 
Since most bra sizes by various companies are sometimes irregular , I decided to order a size larger than my actual desired size . 
I would recommend this bra to anyone interested in a well-fitted bra , that definitely provides lift and support where and when needed in an area of looking for a women  s lingerie product with fashion and style . 
It's really soft , cute looking , and supports well . 
The only issue is that it fits me a little big , but it's my own fault for getting the wrong size . 
I have no complaints with the product . 
This bra gives better support and overall shape than many name-brand wireless bras that I've tried on in stores . 
The straps are smoothly connected to the cup area , as opposed to being tacked on . 
There is enough coverage in the cleavage area so that you don't " spill out " of the cups when bending or twisting . 
This has been a problem for me with some other bras.Second , there is one thing that could be improved . 
The cup area has 2 rather thin layers of soft fabric . 
It looks that way in the picture to me . 
Some bras have a thicker fabric in the cup area , without being thickly padded . 
I would have preferred this . 
Also , because it lacks this , the nipples can show through ( to be direct about it ) . 
There is sometimes slight puckering of the fabric at the top of the cup area because of the lack of the thicker fabric . 
For me , it's not a major problem . I liked the bra enough to order 2 more , but I'm interested in looking at others . 
Overall , I recommend it as a good , wireless bra . 
i am older and need lift badly ... have tried many brasbut always the pull on shoulders.this bra fit and i wore all day in comfort .. need more . 
these bras fit true to size and would recommend it to big busted chest . 
I guess as a younggirl / teenager i thought of playtex as grannybras , but its not true . I wear a size 42D and thats what i ordered inthis bra , and it fits amazingly.Lots of support , no strap slippage , and it ispretty . 
I did it , and was surprisedto find that , i was wearing the wrong size bra . 
Or maybe I am ? 
Just don't understand the cup design . 
This bra has no underwire and in this case you really don't need it cause it still gives you uplift and support . 
For the money I will say it is a nice bra but feels a little snug , Started my diet and exercise regime so hopefully I will lose the pounds quickly and my clothes and this bra will fit much better . 
This bra was great in the beginning over a short time the material started stretching out and I find myself having to keep adjusting the straps to pull my boobs back up in place . 
I purchased three but I wish I could return them . 
I was wearing a 42D but since I've gained weight the 42 ' s are a bit tight so I ordered up a size . 
There is no 46D so I'm screwed . 
I just have to wear tight bras until I lose weight I guess . 
The lining is synthetic and it doesn't breathe well , so they bra can feel itch and hot . 
I'm sure she will love it . 
My mom has worn this bra since I was little . 
She loves this bra and has never tried another one . 
I never liked it from the time I started wearing bras and thought it pushed down on me unnaturally . 
My mom , who is now 77 , has worn this for so long that she knows what size to order and can only find it online so she is really glad that Amazon has this bra . 
I ordered a size 38A , which should have been a little big on me but it fit just right . 
There is a little extra room in the cup so it makes it look pointy . 
The one thing that really disappointed me was me was the back strap . 
I was looking for a bra that would not roll or bunch under the arm . 
I found this bra to be on the itchy side , but more than that , it made my breasts look like torpedoes . 
I normally wear a 38 or 40DD . 
I bought this one in the 40DD since underwires tend to run a little small and the 40DD was too big . 
Throw in the washing machine and hang to dry . 
It does fit but I will order a cup larger next time and the straps slip down on my arms even if I adjust them . 
I have tried many bras and at different price points and if I have to wear a bra this is ok . 
the underwires between your breast simply sit out at an awkward angle instead of laying flat against you . 
Based on the stellar reviews here , I was expecting more . 
I was disappointed with show-through ( the cups were fairly flimsy and not well-lined in my opinion ) , but the bra is comfortable overall . 
I'm on the fence about returning it , though , because of the show through problem . 
Going to keep looking . 
I am sooooo disappointed with this bra ! 
The cups are about the right size , except for the fact that THERE IS NO PADDING IN THE CUPS ! ! ! 
I cannot wear a bra with no padding , for obvious reasons once I put a shirt on .. 
I hate being that way but that's the way I am . 
The straps are the only thing I like about this bra . 
What a joke . 
Very sad but I literally have nothing else to wear so it's not like I can return it . 
Oh well . 
Guess this will be my last resort bra once I find some that fit . 
That's all I ask for and this bra fills the bill . 
The bad thing is the wider straps . 
Yes , they're padded but it seems the padding in them is more on the back of the strap instead of on the shoulder as it looks like in the picture . 
I'd buy it again for the right price . 
It is lime green not neon green i was expecting something ALOT brighter then what i received oh well then 
Also like the closure which keeps my glasses secure without a lot of bulk . 
This was originally bought to keep my reading glasses visible in my purse . 
Well , it soon found another use , to keep my husband's clip-on sunglasses available and easy to find in the car ! 
( I can't tell you how many he has lost under the seat of elsewhere . ) 
(o: 
And these do ! 
They can slip folded in half in a pocket , or slip it in a pair of knee highs to hide it . 
And if it's laying around , someone wouldn't think there was money in it . 
As a retired pilot , I have worn Rayban sunglasses since 1956 . 
Over that time period , these glasses have served me well.In the past the Rayban carrying case that is out of necessity worn on my belt , used an interior hard shell encased in a ersatz leather case that was robust and withstood the rigors of daily wear and tear . 
As a result the case often rips loose because of their very inferior quality of material and design currently used in their manufacter . 
Shame on you Rayban ! 
There is little else that can be said about Ray Ban sunglasses . 
Planing on getting another one for my husband . 
Well worth the money 
The rating would be 5 star , as the product itself was great . 
But , Amazon happened to send me the 58mm , even though the order was for 62mm . 
Luckily , the product fit perfectly . 
( It was a gift ) So , although there was a mix-up , it turned out to be quite fortunate for me , since it saved me the trouble of ( probably ) having to send it back for another size . 
! 
Melissa loves this watch she wears it all the time this is just what she wanted thanks for making her Christmas 
I was hesitant to buy these because I thought the price was too good to be true ... the sunglasses are great so far ... they seem authentic ... the fit is great . 
The lense isnt anything special ... if they last Ill be back for another color 
I bought these for my wife for Christmas and she loves them . 
At $ 90 you can't beat the price considering they were $ 150 on sale at that Hut that sells Sunglasses . 
However , the quality of the glass case is now very substandard . 
Until recently the cases were reinforced on the inside by a tough shell nearly robust enough to withstand a heavy foot step upon it . 
I now must wear prescription Ray-Ban sun and clear corrective lenses , which necessitates my wearing the case on my belt . 
The case gives little proctection to these expensive glasses . 
The cases are now very chintzy to the extent that after a few weeks of wearing them on my belt they have been easily crushed or torn off . 
Long ago , many years I've been using this brand and I will continue using sunglassess for eternity . 
I have now bought these , then continue at eyewear and I am thinking of some special to take the extra mile to either cases or to protect from heat and infrared rays and if the other case , they should see to where I turn my eyes and protect from UV rays ( ie , the same use I give here on earth , when you go to the beach with my wife ) . 
I got the green mirrored lenses and I love them . 
These are the smallest size they offer ( 55mm ) . 
You will not be disappointed ! 
They add so much to a simple outfit and makes for a very chic look . 
It arrived home just on timethanks you very much 
I've purchased this same pair from sunglass stores in the mall for nearly twice the price . 
Never again ! 
Somehow I lost the pair of these that I had and was pretty down . 
I saw a post from Amazon on Facebook about getting 40-60 % off Ray Ban so I had to see if they had mine . 
THEY DID ! 
I got them and to be honest they seem better than the initial pair I had and got them at a much better price . 
:) 
Classic Aviators . 
I gave three of these to the secretaries where I work . 
Just came to me I put comporobar waist and check after I took them off and no more . 
That night when we went to bed my wife asked me to take them off to sleep . 
I will continue buying this brand and recommending it to friends . 
The Good : I love small billfold type wallets . 
Previous to this wallet , I had one I bought at an airport that was very similar and I had it for years . 
Once it started to fray on me , I searched around and found this one . 
Overall , if you are into minimalist wallets , this is great.The Bad : The flap above the clear pocket stick out too much and now it has been bend so many times its just a floppy piece of leather . 
They should have cut it down a little more . 
Additionally , there is one extra pocket on the inside which is too small for money but awkward for more cards . 
( that's what she said ) . 
It fits perfectly in my pocket and when it gets too fat , I'm forced to do get rid of receipts , etc . 
I am forced to keep this wallet lean . 
THis is my 2nd one . 
I thought I lost my wallet so I immediately ordered a new one . 
I went through three wallets similar in style while transitioning to a front pocket wallet . 
Quality is high . 
I have a few cards I keep in the center pocket and I have no issues with them sliding out.If I had to complain , it would be that my license doesn't sit all the way down in the pocket . 
His was well over due to be replaced and he wanted something small and very compact . 
This was everything I hoped to find for him ! 
For the price the wallet is good . 
It is bigger than most wallets in its dimensions , in order to have room for three credit cards . 
It looks like it would have enough room for quite a bill roll , but if you only have a few bills they may fall out . 
Have worn them several times already . 
I ordered this before reading all the reviews . 
I must say , they did slip on easily and went way up past my bra line . 
Actually I ordered a size bigger thinking that they would not be as constrictive . 
I wish I would have ordered my usual size or even smaller as they felt way too large and sort of loose fitting . 
They tuck the tummy , lift the booty , and smooth the thighs . 
I am seriously disappointed , however , that they no longer have the silicone strip around the top band . 
Because that is no longer there , it slides down and makes a gross bunching of fat on my back . 
The leg part goes to maybe about 5-6 inches above your knee but you can't see it under pants . 
It goes up really high to right underneath your breasts . 
Didn't know what size to order and was worried as comments said so easy to rip / run that is why a little large . 
BTW , I have washed and worn them two more times and stronger than pantyhose in rip / run catagory . 
Just a note : It's a bit tricky to get on so prepare to do a silly little dance ! 
They also stayed put . 
This product is exactly as advertise . 
I would highly recommend . 
Most slippers I found were either too flat or the sole was so thick and spongy I felt like I would topple over ! 
I liked that they came in several colors . 
I'd order a 1/2 a size up from your normal shoe size . 
If you ever wear them with socks they won't fit . 
I'd recommend them to anyone . 
Yes ! 
My feet are happy . 
Bought these for mother's day and the run a little small ; almost returned them for being too small . 
The sizing chart is hard to understand . 
Really if you're any size larger than a 9 , don't buy them because they're going to be tight . 
If you are looking for a scuff slipper this is the one for you . 
I think I'd rather have a true house shoe . 
I bought these for my sister who wears a size 10 shoe . 
They do run large / wide ( I wear 8.5 ) and I tend to walk out of them , but a good run through the washing machine makes the fit more manageable . 
If you like a roomier fit these are great . 
I am wearing them RIGHT NOW ! 
:-) They are undoubtedly my favorite house shoes to wear . 
I can even wear them to put out the garbage can and get the mail . 
I don't want to discount a growth spurt , but they seemed a little snug regardless . 
I wear a 7 but like slippers to be looser than regular shoes so I ordered an 8 , the fit was what I was looking for and the shoe is really comfy . 
Love this house slippers ! 
Fit expectations , I like this slippers very much . 
buy it ! 
I have had surgery on the top of my feet and usually these fit great right off and then even better once worn in , but they seem to hurt one foot . 
I am sure once I wear them and wear down the foam they will fit . 
By the way the comfort foam does wear down rather quickly to the form of your foot and doesn't bounce back and stay fluffy just in case anyone believes that they will stay pillow like forever , they won't . 
I'm an 8.5- 9.0 so I ordered a size larger . 
As with every slide on slipper I've ordered they all stretch out very quickly . 
It seems they just don't make them like they used to , regardless of what brand you buy . 
I do like that these have a room around the heal area so it does prevent you from sliding off the back of the slipper somewhat . 
I have a habit of running out for the mail in my slippers . 
Unfortunately on the first pair I had , the stitching came out on both slippers on the insides of the pair . 
Fit except they stretched easily and flop if not wearing socks . 
Wouldn't buy again . 
Unfortunately , with these slippers , I am now dreading putting them on each evening . 
But the worst thing about these slippers is the hard rubber sole which makes them extremely noisy when I walk on my hardwood and tile floors ! 
I usually get to bed at least an hour after my husband , and he has actually asked me to PLEASE go out and buy new slippers because I wake him up each time I walk through our bedroom ! ! 
Yes , I suppose you can wear them outside , but I have had other " indoor / outdoor " slippers which aren't as hard bottomed , and therefore don't sound like I'm walking around in tap shoes ! ! 
I would recommend them to anyone who needs comfort after a long day ! 
I have bad sciatica so need the comfort on the back of my heel . 
I hope they hold up because I really love them ! ! 
BUT : I did wash them after this original review above . 
The right slipper fell completely apart . 
I loved them SO MUCH and am so disappointed . 
Because they are white , they do need to be washed every other week at least ... 
I used the gentle cycle , warm water , mild soap , and when I opened the washer , there were pieces / parts everywhere ! 
Only the RIGHT slipper fell apart , the left one held its shape and looked fine . 
I have NO IDEA what went wrong with the right slipper . 
:-( 
THESE WERE A PRESENT FOR MY WIFE I HAD ORDERED FRON ANOTHER ONLINE SUPPLIER THESE WERE BETTER AND FIT VERY WELL ! 
! 
Your feet will enjoy these slipper . 
You can't wait to get hone and put them on . 
The cushioning of the insole is starting to wear thin already . 
The hard outer sole is still in good shape . 
After reading previous reviews I ordered a size larger than my normal size and they are a good fit for length , but a little loose in width . 
Price was right too . 
A little bit short but not much . 
I also like the support from the sole and heel . 
I was used to wearing slippers that were totally flat on the bottom and this was a welcome change . 
I use them every day at home , once I wake up in the mornings before work and after coming home from a long day at work ! 
i just have to be sure to wear them with socks so my feet don't sweat in them . 
Gads , how much can I say about a product when it is practically perfect , AND what I expected ? ? 
They're comfy ! 
I bought these slippers in January 2014 and they are already trashed . 
Little by little , they got worse and worse . 
Now it feels like there is only a thin piece of material between my feet and the floor . 
Very cheap slippers . I had faith in Isotoner and the quality of their product . 
Boy was I wrong . 
I am currently wearing the slippers that I thought were worn out , which is why I bought the Isotoners . 
If anyone out there knows of a slipper that will support my tired feet , please share the information . 
Bought for my wife who loved everything about them other than that the sizes sem to run about 1/2 size smaller than listed . 
It's like slipping your feet into cotton . 
I plan to order another pair . 
I would recommend this product . 
I finally broke down and bought the slippers of my dreams - Clarks suede ones with soft fuzzy lining ( $ 55 ! ) 
Then they got filthy , the lining became packed down and uncomfortable and they stretched til they were falling off my feet . 
The only thing slightly wrong is that the medium ( 6.5- 7 ) is a little but shorter than I am used to . 
( I wear a 7 shoe . ) 
However it is not enough of a problem to make the slippers uncomfortable . 
Maybe they will stretch and become too big , but for now they fit fine . 
Will buy more . 
I am not a slipper person but since I am going in for surgery and a hospital stay , I was advised to bring slippers . 
I am pleased with my purchase . 
Exactly what I wanted . 
You can't go wrong with isotones , fit great , don't fall apart in the washer , 
Then they stretched out about 2 sizes larger , and they would fall off my feet when I walk causing me to trip . 
However , I gave it 3 stars because of the price . 
They were " inexpensive " and you do get what you pay for . 
But I will say that cheaper slippers purchased from the dollar store lasted longer and were more comfortable than these . 
These slippers worked great for a monthThen I had pitch them because they had holes in them . 
Don't buy these poor quality slippers 
I bought my size ( 9 1/2 ) but wish I would have bought a 10 . 
They are in the back of the closet now unfortunately since they are nice otherwise and seemed to wear well . 
These fulfill my need for a cushioned bottom of the slipper very well . 
I like them very much 
I purchased these slippers for my wife for Valentine's day.they fit very well and have alot of cushion . I gave a five star rating for an excellent product . I highly recommend these slippers . 
fits well and very soft ... good deal for the price ... came quickly and i got them in time for my gfriend's weekend getaway . 
Luckily I got 4 pcs . 
The single one caught the hair on my arm . 
I put two of them together ( on each sleeve ) and it stretched a little better and didn't pull the hair anymore . 
I use them to extend the cuff on my long sleeve shirts so that I can pull them up on my arm . 
Order a size up from your normal shoe size . 
It looks great and I have received many compliments on it . 
I own several but only two with the stopwatch function . 
The only problem with it is that over time the stopwatch wont reset back to zero . 
I have read many reviews on it and it states that it is a poor design flaw on these types of watches . 
I have not tried to see how much it would cost to fix and that will be my next step . 
I will definitely order more Invicta's but I wont order anymore with that function . 
Boo got certified as a commercial diver and also was his bd so i got him this cuz it was suitable for both occasions . 
The price I got it for was amazing :) He loves it , yes its a bit heavy but so manly and sexy .. despite the weight it feels comfy on his hand , heck its a man watch , not suppose to be light as men got muscle ;) 
I've had this watch for some time and have been very pleased . 
I get a lot of compliments . 
Adidas is one of my favorite brands . 
I compared these pants to the ones that I purchased right from Adidas and these appear to be a poor counterfeit . 
Don't buy these ! ! 
I believe they are not a true Adidas product . 
They are made in Thailand and I am convinced these are fake . 
I have ripped them up and am using them for dust rags ! 
Expensive dust rags ! 
Beautiful watch for dress wear ; not suitable for every day unless you like a small faced watch . 
I would recommend it . 
I bought it for my wife and it stay perfect.Very good quality . 
They worked perfectlyMy wife and I will give you five stars.Thank you 
These sweatpants are great except for the lack of pockets 
This item is as described . 
It is i that is bigger than i thought . 
Wear it a lot and takes to laundry well.No complaints other than i have to loss more weight ! 
Worked well for decorating as an ugly Team USA Costume by Ralph Lauren . 
It DOES NOT HAVE POCKETS , which is annoying . 
Well , you get what you pay for . 
It's cheap . 
Fit to a t ! 
Great for dressing down at school . 
My daughter loves these ! 
Cheap price , cheap quality . 
As expected I suppose ... My big issue is that there are NO POCKETS ( WTF ? ! ) 
and the elastic on the bottom is INCREDIBLY tight . 
I bought two , one for my wife and one for me . 
we both wear and like them . 
from a 1 to a 10 = 10 
I haven't washed it and only worn it once . 
I will most likely wash it cold and rinse it cold and dry it slowly . 
For some reason , this shirt is a bit small . 
I think it is because I am larger . 
If you line dry these or shake them well before you dry on low heat , they are fine and close to true size . 
The 2-2 xl's I bought are hanging in the closet as maybe a backup . 
I bought several of these in white for an art project . 
They are thick t-shirts and a bit on the stiff side . 
They look exactly as pictured . 
My daughter wears 5T , and the 5/6 T is still a little big on her . 
They take fabric paint well and seem to be well made . 
If you're looking for a thick t-shirt , then these are a good option . 
I purchased four of these LS tee shirts for my grandson . 
I could not believe the quality of the cotton fabric and the quality of the workmanship for the low , low price I paid for each of the shirts . 
Hint : If you use a hot clothes dryer purchase at least one size up to obtain a proper fit with " room to grow " . 
I will definitely purchase more of these 100 % cotton shirts for my grandson in the future . 
Suited for different shirts . 
Cotton quality . 
Sutures are processed normally . 
The soon to arrive baby may weigh 12 lbs .. 
I chose these cute short comfort and ease . 
I do not know how they will wash , but I have no reason to believe they will not meet reasonable standards of excellence . 
You will hear more from me if there are serious problems . 
The shorts arrived on time a nd were well packaged . 
This is all he wore all summer with his tank tops and they kept him cool . 
he sleeps n play in these shorts ! ! 
! good quality ! ! ! 
at such a reasonable price ! ! 
! I would recommend clothing line of babyvision to everyone ! ! ! 
must buy ! ! 
saves lot of money ! 
! 
These are really cute - and the fit is as expected for small 0-3 month shorts . 
Would definitely recommend to others . 
I bought this jacket for my grandson because he liked my original issue that I've had for many years . 
I am a converse fan and know to buy a half size down if you don't like socks with them . 
very comfy shoes . 
I wear these on my non running days when I am running errands with my kids etc . 
With my bad back , it's hard to do lace-up shoes , but I love Converse . 
Slip on is the answer . 
I wish they'd make it available in more colors ! 
I recommend it . 
Great buy 
Great looking shoes , but I had to send them back because they fell off my feet . 
If this were a physical store , I could have kept trying on different sizes until I found the right one , but I don't want to keep ordering and returning . 
I've had dozens of pairs of Chucks , but these are the first slip on pair I've boughtThey're great for travelling on airplanes with the ridiculous show removal policy . 
I will be buying more as I need them . 
Fit is somewhat weird . 
Just zipping the pants you get a feel for the lack of quality ... they certainly feel cheaper than they were . 
Wasn't what I hope it would be for a Blazer ... not what I would wear for a night out with the Wife . 
I didn't take the pants out of the protective wrap , to try it on.Returning product for refund . 
VERY disappointed . 
These are fine looking pants . 
You just can't put them on . 
I was concerned the very low cost of these pants I would end up with a cheap pair of pants which I would not like but while these are without a doubt Khaki style pants they already fit like a great pair of jeans , very comfortable , expected amount of room and comfort . 
An all around a great article of clothing , not sure why I seem to doubt the way lee fits , but I do even though I've never been disappointed in a Lee product . 
Great pair of Khaki's I'm going to order additional pairs . 
They're fine for what they are . 
How much can you say about basic khaki's . 
Note the pleated front , which some , especially younger men ( and their women ) consider to be out of style . 
I got pants on time , fit as expected , quality very good - to sum it all up I can give my full recommendation . 
I bought these for a friend of mine . 
Very difficult to buy pants without seeing them , these had very wide bottoms , like boot cuts ... Sorry I had to return them . 
They wrinkle , the material has an unusual feel to it . 
Disappointed at the color , the picture shows a light khaki , but you actually get am almost taupe color . 
Can't beat the price . 
Seems like you give up a little extra classy appearance for durability , which works for me in a business casual dress . 
Very good buy for the money , they always seem to hold up well . 
I wish they were offered in a shorter inseam , so that I wouldn't have to pay to have them altered . 
That's all he loves to wear , but it's hard for me to find him in his size at the store so l just go to Amazon and buy them . 
Yes I would recommend to buy them . 
The fit is great and the color was just like it said it would be . 
These are the only jeans made to fit the body . 
They are a good jean and would have fit well . 
But my husband lost so much weight . 
He took then and had them taken in . 
But he wod recommend them and the seller . 
I really like this style of jeans . 
Buying online now as JC Penny only carries the premium line which looks cheaply made . I tried the " tarmac " finish this time which looks really nice . 
I have several pairs of expensive jeans that don't fit " my body " as well as these do . 
Caution on sizing . 
Because the length from belt to crotch is shorter than most jeans you may need to order a longer size . 
Will purchase again soon . 
It gets harder to buy jeans that fit as you get older , but Lee fits the bill . 
However , I returned from a 40 to a 42 . 
Recommend 2 sizes larger if you order . 
Same size as my other 40/29 ' s ( Wrangler ) but slightly tighter . 
If you're too worried I'm sure a 42 would have fit me as well . 
Price point was good but shipping took longer than expected . 
They last a long time . 
They fit exactly as expected . 
phew ... better than going from store to store trying on . 
We bought the size we wanted and it is just as expected . 
we bought 33 x 30 .. Do have to say for no fat and muscular thin leg , some room at side thigh ... but also gives comfortable sitting and using for lots of movement . 
These darker ones worked and fit well Friday Jeans Day at the office . 
I ordered these as well as a regular fit set of Levis 505 . A 32 " waist has always fit well with little room so they are comfortable.The 505s fit like this . 
The 32 " Lees were hard to button . I returned them for a 33 " . 
The 33s now fit like the Levis.Mark 
They are attractive , well made , and heavy . 
I have a problem with some pant that have too much material in the rear . 
These fit very well . 
These are sold as double black and what it says on the box is what you get . 
The reason is the quality of the fabric . 
We are otherwise quite satisfied with these jeans , but they were a tad longer than 30 . 
I bought these for appointments and some shopping around town . 
I will most likely wear them once more before washing . 
From a 1 to a 10 = 10 
I have a hard time finding the correct size in stores in the inseam that I needed . 
This is so much easier than going to the store and searching the shelves fore my size . 
The quality of the jeans were the same as if you bought them in the store . 
There were no blemishes or imperfections . 
I would highly recommend to purchase your Lee jeans from Amazon and you will get a quality product in your size with the convenience of shopping from home . 
Be advised these jeans are NOT made with heavy denim . 
I am dissapointed in this , and wonder how they will hold up , especially since I wear my jeans all the time and am rough on them . 
Time will tell . 
good pair of jeans if you i like the tapered leg this pair of jeans is for you I like them 
Both pairs recently gave out and I was unable to find them in the retail outlets . 
I tried other jeans but the quality and fit just weren't there . 
So I searched Amazon with the details from the old jeans labels and to my surprise they came up . 
I ordered one pair " to test the water " . 
I'll be ordering several more pairs from Amazon very soon . 
As Sarah Palin weirdly said of the president recently , I've taken up with wearing " mom jeans . " 
But ... well ... I'm a mom so I guess I don't mind . 
These jeans are a good buy . 
I guess I follow my own recommendations ... 
I am going to have it altered to fit me . 
I ordered two other sizes before I got it right . 
She is top heavy and hard to fit . 
She loves any jeans which fit . 
These do . 
From a 1 to a 10 = 10 
I returned these because of that . 
Ordered for my Mom-in-law so washed them before I took them to her . 
This must be their lightest-weight denim - - new it looks and behaves like it's been washed 300 times already . 
Oh well . 
Denim weight varies by color in their other 100 % denim jeans . 
I bought one in a store in Florida several years ago and realized they came a bit larger , so I've got a 33x30 although I was 34x30 . 
Then I began ordering through amazon because I already knew the size . 
This one and the second last one came somewhat small on waist size . 
I wonder if they've made sizes adjustments . 
My advice : Becarefull because these pants are not somewhat larger anymore . 
Order your actual size . 
Hve been a long time buyer of these jeans . 
He likes them ... it's all good , right ? ! 
; ^ ) 
I really like these jeans . 
I was looking for comfort with a loose fit and soft fabric , and need to look no further . 
They're just about perfect . I wish they made some with large cargo pockets , but sadly not . 
these jeans are on the thin side material wise . 
Time to buy another pair so I went back to my Sperrys but I am not thrilled with the shoe itself . 
They don't appear to be as hardy of a shoe and I am sure they won't last as long . 
The leather also appears to be of lesser quality . 
Kind of disappointed ... :( 
While looking around for something to replace my 10 - year - old topsiders , I decided to give these a try . 
They look good enough to wear with a suit , and are casual enough to wear with shorts . 
If you travel , no need to pack more than one pair of shoes ; just wear these.The leather appears to be a good quality , and the soles seem very sturdy . 
More cushioned than regular topsiders . 
My dad likes to wear more formal shoes , but also has some problems with his feet . 
All around very happy with this product and Amazon ! 
Bought the 9-1 / 2 regular width . 
These are really well-made shoes , they last forever , they're always in style , and what more can I say ? 
The leather is a bit dull , but doesn't ruin the overall aesthetic of the shoe . 
Overall very satisfied with this purchase . 
I order these as a gift for a friend . 
Wouldn't buy any other brand but Sperry . 
Wait . 
Why not have him buy his own shoes ? 
The Brown / Buc ones I just got are a good representation of a classic brand . 
There are some differences - like another reviewer I do wish the insole ran the full length of the shoe rather than ending halfway , but they do still feel just fine once you are used to it . 
Don't expect the kind of fit and feel / support you get from an athletic shoe - these aren't that kind . 
My right foot was just a shade over 10.5 D , and the left was l little smaller than 10.5 D , so I ordered my topsider in 11D and they fit perfectly , with just a bit of extra room at the toe which is the correct fit for any shoe . 
Buy these with confidence that you're getting good quality . 
I will buy Topsiders from Shoe Mart again . 
I'm pleased . 
My last pair lasted me two or three years , and I really abused those things . 
I'll take better care of these and hopefully get a little more wear out of them . 
These things are comfy out of the box and SUPER comfy once broken in . 
Can't really go wrong with these . 
I had to return the shoes although I really like it alot . 
The fit was a bit too tight . 
I placed another order for the shoe in a larger size . 
there are many copys out there . i know i have a few copys so trying to save u end up spending the amount in wasted pairs never again 1 and only sperry . nothing else even comes close .. 
These are quality shoes , except they're still too narrow . 
I wear 4E width . 
I would recommend them to anyone . 
This one had green soles and laces . 
Makes a statement , I LIKE GREEN ! 
Going to wear these ones out fast ! ! ! 
! 
These fit just as I hoped . 
I wear boat socks with them and have walked a ton in them ! 
These particular shoes are hard to find . 
The Authentic Original can be hard to track down unless you want to pay a lot . 
The price for these are amazing and they are exactly the same as store bought ones . 
Climbed the stairs of the Pyramid of the Sun in these . 
Held up great and no sore feet . 
Found my new causal traveling shoes . 
I have pretty much only worn boat shoes for the last 25 years . 
Half the time I buy Sperry and half the time I buy an off brand . 
When Sperry goes on sale and I get those I am always happier . 
Just much softer leather and look better . 
I ordered 8.5 EE , and they fit accordingly . 
The shoes are well made and fit comfortably , with minimal break-in time . 
For the price , maybe I was expecting something more , but there's nothing really bad about the quality or fit . 
Overall I like the shoe for summer days . 
Unfortunately I have stinky feet and can no longer wear them . 
My husband wears these shoes for casual wear and on the boat . 
He just loves them and is so pleased that I have found them in a wider fit . 
I would have kept it but my husband is a stickler for " perfect " . 
Unfortunately he wears 38W x 29L pants . 
The item came in good time and was packed very well ( it came with my other orders ) . 
The material is of good quality , great for guys like my husband who is " hard " on clothes ; the jeans are well-sewn , and I like the indigo color . 
Too bad not many companies offer hard to find sizes , e . g . 
for shorter men , they offer short inseam BUT smaller waist . 
They tend to put together pants that they feel are proportional : bigger waist , longer inseam , taller people . 
Unfortunately it doesn't always work that way . 
He usually wears pretty large holes in his jeans even after I've patched them up with more fabric . 
Good buy ! 
I'd highly recommend this to anyone who wears lot of sweatshirts . 
I bought a gray and a navy . 
Now I thought people were exaggerating about it being kind of big , but its very true , they do run big . 
It even says so in the tag " with room to move " . 
I recommend sizing down . 
I got an XL , but it fits like 2XL or even a 3XL . 
Overall im satisfied , Four stars due to lag in shipping it ; about 3 days after the purchase . 
I am 6 ' 5 " tall and have long arms , so I have to order tall sizes in anything that has long sleeves or else the sleeves are way too short , So , I found this Carhartt shirt , and was glad to see it came in tall sizes . 
Unfortunately , as is often the case , manufacturers don't seem to take into account that every tall person isn't a BIG person , so the best I could do was Large / Tall ( the smallest size offered ) when I really need a Medium / Tall . 
:) 
We have found this to be our favorite brand . 
The others we've tried have shrunk too much after washing . 
This was order for a tall person , and it has remained long enough to wear , wash after wash . Others are just too short after washing . 
It also seems to be more stain resistant than other brands . 
It comes out looking great . 
We bought three more because of this . 
We got the Men's large tall for him . 
We have washed and dried it numerous times . 
The mid weight is still plenty thick and heavy.Very well made  Carhartt quality.Quality does not cost  it pays.Can ' t go wrong with Carhartt . 
He wears them for work and loves them . 
He said they are very comfy and durable . 
They clean well too . 
Never had an issue . 
Very reliable and tough . 
Only ever ripped by ankles ... and honestly probably due to a lot of salt getting into the fabric from outside . 
The quality seems plenty good enough for the price . 
I must say I was sad that these were too small for me , as I jut knew I ordered the right size , but I guess you no longer had my size in the style I wanted and it automatically went to the style that was in my size . 
Always lasted long fit well.So far these are alright fit well seam to be as well made as when made in USA . I would Recommend . 
I usually buy blue jeans when I have to . 
The ones I have had lately don't fit anymore and are tearing up . 
I ordered a 50 waist 30 length . 
No way these pants are either of these dimensions . 
I also have to roll the bottoms a ridiculous amount of times so I don't walk on them . 
Fail . 
Fail . 
Fail . 
He said they were better than the expensive jeans ... That = A Happy Dad ! 
super fit super quality ! ! 
we ordered 3 more jeans , they are very contented with their purchease ! 
I was worried they wouldn't stay in place . 
Or that they'd be too short ( I'm 6 foot tall ) . 
If you are considering them , stop ... and just put them in your cart . 
These are probably some of the comfiest thigh highs I own right now . 
I enjoy them very much , going to get the other color now ! 
I opted for this trusted brand and was not disappointed . 
Will be ordering more colors . 
I had to fold them over under the toe 
I had ordered white thigh high socks before and they were too short and too tight and I am at 125 pounds and 5 ' 11 , so it was to be expected . 
Beyond my expectations ! 
They create a really bad bulging in my thighs that just makes them pretty much unwearable . 
On top of that they come to pretty much the top of my leg because I got them in too big of a size and I am a petite person . 
They are really cute and look exactly like the picture ( I got the black with black bows ) , but I just can't see ever wearing them because they are so tight and uncomfortable . 
I had them on for maybe five minutes and had to take them off because of it . 
I'm 5 ' 1 weigh about 130 lbs and a lot of my weight is in my thighs and hips , so that's probably why they wouldn't work for me . 
If you have skinnier legs then get them because they would work for you , but if you're bigger in the legs then I wouldn't recommend these . 
Would buy other colors 
Thank you ! 
5 stars due to the fact that it fits perfectly , it seems like a tough material ( hard to tear ) , and looks ... wow ! 
My gf loves it and she enjoys wearing it . 
Timex is alwaysto be counted on . 
Why the lack of information about the sizes ? 
Timex quality brand of high quality , but it is the right of the buyer to know the sizes and sizes according to personal needsTimex T2E5819J sizesCase Size : 38 mmCase Width : 40 mmCase Lug Width : 20 mmCase Height : 10 mmThanks to all 
I use it for swimming and running . 
I often use it to record swimming lap splits , run splits , and / or total time . 
The only issue with the watch is me , I forget to hit the stop button on the chrono when I am done . 
I have worn it in the ocean for general swimming and body boarding . 
I also like the fact that it has normal band lugs ( something Casio often strays from ) which enable me to apply various aftermarket bands . 
I'm a little disappointed in this watch , mainly quality issues . 
) - the band is better than others I've worn , but still tends to ' imprint ' itself on my wrist . 
They seem to be well constructed .. For my purpose needed more arch support so added an insert and now shoes are perfect.My second pair of ECCO shoes and very pleased with both pair . 
My daughters are young and into soccer and this is what they want for christmas , so santa go tit for her , she wears them everywhere . 
I originally ordered a 40 but returned them for a 39 because they looked a little big on my feet . 
My favorite Birkenstock is the Florida Sandal because it is more feminine than the Arizona style , but the price was so good , I decided to buy the Arizona this time . 
Dogs love these.Just don't get the denim ones . 
YACK.Regards 
How can y Ever go wrong these shoesare great and Never hurt your feeti had to get a second pair the bostony wont be sorry great prices 
I have never even thought of buying Birks before until my doctor recommended them to use as slippers around the house while recovering from a foot and ankle issue . 
At first they were a bit hard and uncomfortable . 
After about 12 hours of wear they started to feel great . 
I would recommend for anyone with flat feet or PTT issues . 
Trying to buy these online is tricky due to the weird sizing . 
My daughter tells me quite often how much she loves her birkenstocks ! 
He won't buy anything else . 
They fit right and feel good . 
I forget I have them on my feet . 
My only problem with them is I've been through a couple of these throughout the past few years - - they get really grimey after a while . 
I'm sure there must be some way to prevent / clean . 
I don't have flat feet . 
No one does . 
I have fallen arches and they need supporting . 
I have medical arch supports which are about 1/2 inch thick and doesn't fit in any of my shoes - negates the whole reason why orthodics exist in the first place . 
These do a pretty darn good job of supporting your feet every which way possible . 
I simply kncked one star down cuz Birkenstock sizing are all over the place . 
These , for my fee , run a full size large . 
Other Birkenstock models differ . 
very hard to buy online wihtout trying on . 
I purchased these sandals because of my past experience with Birkenstocks , in particular Arizonas . 
Birkenstocks are well worth the money spent , and Amazon offers them at a discounted price . 
Unfortunately , the first pair I received was damaged . 
However , I contacted Amazon , and actions to resolve this issue were initiated immediately . 
I do feel the product should have been inspected , for with the damage that was there , it was evident that these had previously been returned . 
Overall , though , I would recommend purchasing through Amazon , and the shoes are a great purchase , as expected ! 
Having said that , I am very satisfied with the shoes . 
These are excellent provided the elevated parts of the sole properly line up with your foot . 
In my case they didn't and I ended up returning these slippers . 
Birkenstocks can actually look , gasp , chic , but you have some cardinal rules to follow : 1 ) Only black or white smooth leather , sorry suede is too crunchy 2 ) Order a size smaller than your normal European sizing , I wear a 37 ( 6.5 ) usually , but I wear 36 in Arizona's ( had to return the 37s I purchased ! 
) 3 ) I recommend getting a narrow foot bed , instead of the regular width , this makes for a sleeker profile , as the Arizona's seem particularly wide ! 4 ) Unless your going for normcore , please don't wear these with socks ! 
While wearing " sandals " with both feet suffering from Plantar Fasciitis isn't the best option , I've found that Birkenstocks are just about the only sandal I CAN wear when my feet " flare up " - - they still hurt badly at the end of the day , but less so than with my Orthoheel's and also less than my tennis shoes . 
In winter , I just put them on with crazy socks and voila ! ! 
I'm good to go :) Extremely fast shipping . 
Very satisfied with my purchase . 
I really don't like them because they are bulky and heavy . 
I just don't like all that stiff weight on my feet , but maybe that's my preference . 
I don't find myself drawn to them when I go looking for some shoes to wear , and they end up sitting in my closet . 
He loves the comfort of Birks and wears them until we have to get them repaired . 
The only complaint I have about these is the left shoe is a little unglued from the sole right out of the box . 
Need to get that fixed . 
Birkenstocks last so long that I haven't bought a pair in a lot of years and it was difficult ( even on their own web site ) to figure out exactly what a soft foot-bed was and what the different " arch " designations mean . 
They should be more clear . 
The shoe stilltakes a little breaking in time , but that's not a problem . 
Some of the pictures actually show this collapse and my old ones didn't do this so it's a bit of a disappointment . 
These seem a tad bit short , but I think they will loosen up when I've broken them in . 
I normally wear an 11 tennis shoe , however these in 11 were way to big . 
Good thing amazon has free exchanges and I returned them for a size 10 ( 43 ) . 
I had not tried them on in a store and even the soft foot bed was harder than I expected . 
The arch support is good and so far they are pretty comfy - no break in needed for my foot . 
I am almost certain that these are going to turn my feet black after lots of use . 
The good news is they will stay looking decent for a while becuase a little black shoe polish will touch them right up . 
They seem to be very high quality and they should be for $ 100 
I wear a 10 medium , these are huge and stiff . 
Wouldn't buy again . 
Too bad , previous purchase from these folks were great . 
My husband is really hard on socks and he gets two years of wear out of these before I have to mend the heels . 
NOTE : With wool socks you do NOT have to wash after each wearing unless you have gotten them really dirty or smelly . 
You will wear out wool products much faster if you are constantly washing ( or dry cleaning ) them . 
Also , even though these socks are machine washable / dry-able , unless you need them right away , it is better to air dry them . 
I used to wear thick wool socks when I went backpacking as a Boy Scout . 
In Paris , we were on our feet all day long and we were either standing on the metro or walking around town the entire time . 
My feet still felt good in the evening when I came home and took my shoes and socks off . 
I didn't have any issues with foot odor at all , and the socks dried quickly after being washed . 
I was didn't have any hesitation to wear the socks a second day without washing them . 
I can't say that for any of the other socks I took on the trip . 
I can honestly say that these make great travel socks , you can take a couple pairs and wash them in the sinks when they get dirty and they dry overnight . 
2 - 3 pairs of these socks would have replaced 7-10 pairs of cotton socks for me.Pros : SoftSupportiveDurableCoolComfortableDries quicklyWicks away sweatCons : More expensive than cotton socksLimited color optionsBulkier than comparable cotton socks 
I wore these with military boots for numerous forced marches and during the Spartan Death Race in Vermont . 
Will be getting these every winter 
I am enjoying these socks . 
They launder and wear well . 
I recommend them if you get cold feet in the winter . 
She loves them . 
I had to send it back . 
I did like how it was made and the material . 
It is my fault for picking the wrong size . 
I had been buying boots and found that I really needed an 8 to get in and feel comfortable . 
So ... I can't recall if this came in 1/2 size ? ? 
but ... 
I went for the 8 . 
My usual shoe size is a 7 1/2 . It is gradually conforming to my feet and maybe ? 
if I pull the string ? ? 
it will fit a bit better ? . 
I really love the suede Mocassin . 
. 
( I go barefoot a lot . ) ... 
and my husband dislikes this for safety sake ... this is safer , and still feels much like going barefoot ! 
Get your regular size if it comes in 1/2 sizes . 
I am hoping ... 
I wear these at least twice a week , they're really the only shoes I wear in public besides my vans & toms . 
I was excited to try out these cute moccasins , as I was happy with the other styles of Minnetoka's I have owned in the past . 
However , within 3 days of wearing them the lining of the soles started coming apart ! ! 
I tried to put the lining of the sole back in place , but the glue they used has became gummy and lost its adhesiveness . 
I am very disappointed in this product and will think twice before purchasing another pair of Minnetonka's . 
I think they were a whole size off . 
I wear a size 34 pants and the large was right on the money ( do not use this to hold up your pants , wear it over your pants and belt to hold your weapons ) plastic closures metal adjustment cam type locks . 
Good quality belt . 
It's worn over your pants . 
It's adjustable . 
It was good for my costume , but I'm an adult woman ( small hands , but still , adult hands ) and the fingers are long even for me . 
This would be huge on a child 
I bought these thinking that I was getting the best slippers because of the UGG name brand . 
Very stiff . 
I have some slippers I got at Target that I would rather keep than waste so much money on these . 
If you love a very stiff sole with no give and want to wear slippers without socks these may be for you . 
Would recommend if you want some Uggs ! 
I wear them in the Fall and Winter when it's cold outside . 
We have a wrap around deck and porch so I'm constantly going outside with these shoes . 
Plus , I even walk out in the yard with our dogs . 
This is my 2nd pair in six years . 
I would definitely recommend them . 
What can I say ... these provide classic ugg coziness with awesome fit and quality . 
They are so cozy . 
So pretty in pink . 
These were just what my mom wanted for the reception for dancing ... they will do what they need to do .. stop my mom from having to walk around in heels or barefoot all night long 
I got these to wear for praise dancing . 
they feel so good on my feet and the non slip bottoms kept me dance with no worry of slipping ! 
All fit well and are very comfy and last ! 
I prefer these over bigger heaavirr ones where my feet sweat . 
I wore them so much that after about 5 yrs . 
the elastic gave out . 
Also around the house in wamer weather is an ideal place to wear them . 
When the elastic started giving out on our last vacation a couple of months ago , I looked in stores but was unable to find any . 
So ... I turned to Amazon and , voila ! 
I'm unable to comment on the fit of the ones I'm ordering , of course , but if they're anything like my old ones , they'll fit perfectly . 
I wear a med . 
size 7 . 
Bought these for my daughter and for me . 
Nothing better than putting on these cushy slippers after walking around all day on the cruise ship . 
I of course have a pair at home but keep a pair in my suitcase so they stay fairly new and cushy . 
! 
They are washable too . 
I really like the isotoner ballet slippers to wear around the house . 
I have them in several colors . 
I put them in the washing machine and dryer and they come out fine . 
These are the slippers for everything but prolonged walks with the family dog . 
The sole is nonslip and the " upper " is a spandex like material that keeps these on whatever you are doing . 
And they keep your feet from the chill of the floor . 
The soles are padded and add to the comfort . 
Usually Isotoner is right on with their products but these could be made a little better in that the opening needs to be smaller . 
But the padding on the bottom is really thick and nice . 
And the material is soft . 
I throw them in the washer and dryer , and they are good as new ! 
These don't look too frumpy / old-ladyish as far as slippers go . 
A good buy . 
y 
you truly need to go up a size when ordering . 
Less frumpy alternative to normal house slippers . 
They're washable ( have thrown in the wash and come out perfect ) . 
Holding up really well after 6 or so months . 
They are size XXL . 
Normally they only go to XL and run small . 
I wanted them for a couple of trips I'm taking . 
I would recommend them . 
I got these and tried them on and my toes and heel both stick over the front and back edges of the sole ( ? ) . 
Saved my poor feet from my wedding shoes ! 
:) 
My go to slipper if I need to wear heels for an event but have to do any type of walking to get there . 
These are my favorite slippers of all time . 
They fit snugly , but very comfortably . 
I wear them every day ( I'm a stay-at-home-mom ) and you couldn't tell . 
Virtually no visible wear on them . 
I'm not sure if it's due to the lining , but I will say that they haven't taken on any smell , as I've found many shoes and slippers often do over time . 
Also , you can put them in the washer and dryer and they come out like new . 
These slippers fit the bill for me . 
I have Uggs for the really cold days , but these are my go to slippers for most days . 
so glad to have found these online . 
i plan to get more colors . 
They last and are washable , what more could I ask ? 
( this is Carolyn Robert's wife ) 
Definitely would recommend them . 
Shirt fits right and looks good . 
I don't especially like the logo on the pocket but I can and will certainly live with it . 
I am a Carhartt lover , I wear it as a casual or around the house work shirt , and it is comfortable , a true 3X , in this case and the material seems heavy , is comfortable ( soft ) and is made like it will last for years ( although I am hoping to need a 2X soon , another story ) . I have always ahd a good experience with Carhartt and their sizing runs true to roomy for a big guy ! 
Rugged , long lasting and they both tell me these are super comfortable.Sizes are what you expect and they fit . 
It's a good choice for when a tee is too casual but a regular shirt might get ruined , and collar points might be dangerous . 
So far stains come out without much trouble . 
Unless you're exceptionally long-bodied , if you're between 6-0 and 6-5 this should be right . 
I am 6 ' 3 " and weigh 195 this shirt is an XL . 
Couldn't be more pleased with this purchase . 
Can't go wrong with Carhartt.Surprised my husband with 3 of these . 
They wash well and are a nice cotton weight . 
Not to thin . 
They all just shrink up too short for him ( he's 6 ' 3 ) . 
Love the nice heavy fabric , so ai kept it but am ordering a small also . 
I'm unsure if this is supposed to feel this way but I think the chest is slightly too tight and the yoke feels loose . 
Almost as if the shirt was made backwards . 
It's sized for men , so the shoulders are huge and the bottom band is tight , but I should've thought of that before I bought it . 
The Badger brand is made very well . 
It washes up easily and is wrinkle free . 
He loves it and now wants another color . 
I don't get it - the suade like material looks very nice , but the wind breaker ( shiny ) material is on the inside . 
The windbreaker material gets COLD . 
I'm not a wus either - I ran in - 34 degrees last week with my cedar point / cedar fair windbreaker , a long sleeve cotton shirt , and a short sleeve cotton shirt for extra core warmth and was fine . 
This thing is awful ! ! 
I wouldn't recommend it , not for COLD weather , which is what I wanted it for . 
Came fast . 
Bought 2 and so far only got one , fits good . 
Wasn't sure what it was at first , it was rolled up in a ball and wrapped in package . 
I bought this shirt because blue / black is my favorite combination . 
nothing fancy just a cheap hoodie to keep me warm while walking the dogs . 
With these sweater I've washed them several times and they shrank a little as expected but still fit great.The only complaint I have is that they are pretty thin , they are not heavy so great for summer mornings but in winter ( California winter ) I will need to purchase a heavier sweater or put a jacket over it . 
This is just a plain old regular lighter weight sweatshirt . 
I am impressed that I could get a good quality hoodie for so cheap . 
So what can you say .. it's a hooded sweatshirt ... but I ordered XL because everyone was saying it was small ... not the case on me ... it was way too big ... as a matter of fact .. it's in the washer with hot water .. and will be dried in the dryer to shrink it ! 
I am 6 ' 2 " , 205 44 chest and bigger arms ... small waist ... so ... I am confused as to why everyone was saying these fit small ... that being said ... I don't like clothes to fit " american " ... I prefer a little more snug * not overly tight * ... more european 
I kept it for myself , as the color is fabulous and just tie it in the back with a ponytail . 
A good hoodie and long enough . 
i looked around the sweater but there were no rips , nor threads loose . 
I adore it and want to order another for my Vocaloid cosplay and alter it :) 
It'll probably shrink a little , so I'm not disappointed it's a little larger than I thought it would be . 
As everything is these days , the price factor is an important element in the value of things 
got it with this item . 
no complaints 
! 
hubby loves these there long enough to cover belly and has a pocket as well . 
Now just what can you say about a T-shirt ? 
It has an opening for the head and it has a pocket . 
I am used to heavy T , I found this one to be a little thin . 
It was ok , but will look for something more substantial next time . 
I hope it lasts as long as the last one I ordered . 
Item came earlier than promised and in good shape . 
Thank you USPS . 
if you wear a large buy an extra large that way they will fit.they are a little thin but make a good under shirt . 
Very happy with the price and quality of this product , definitively will buy more of this brand , fits as expected and very comfortable 
The material is very soft.Not very thick but as finite but very well made . 
This is a good long-sleeve white t-shirt that can be worn without an undershirt if need to . 
( I lined dried ) 
i wear a med and am a size 10/12 . 
The only thing that I find wrong with this shirt is after it is in the dryer and hung up the bottom of it folds up 
Would recommend these shirts to anyone looking for comfort . 
I like this hanes t-shirt . 
Really , no complaints . 
He can dress them up or just wear them boppin ' around town . 
Material is light weight and easy to wash . 
For $ 7.20 you get what you pay for ... this did not fit well , very large arms and quite long ( down to elbow ) . 
Baggy and the material felt cheap . 
I returned it . 
The sleeves come down to almost the elbow , which is what he wanted . 
We will buy more of these in the future . 
I would recommend this Polo shirt to family and friends . 
This is a good quality shirt and it fit as described in the recommended sizing chart . 
It is as described but well made . 
The color is a little subdued but OK when I don't want to be flashy 
For the price of a 5XL shirt made me wonder if this shirt was going to be cheaply made . 
When they arrived to my surprise they are made pretty good . 
Yeah a little thin , but for the price I would defiantly order more in the future . 
It is a shirt that is affordable enough to buy if you have gained weight over the years ( For me that is a lot of weight ) and plan on loosing that weight fast . 
That way you aren't out of a lot of money if you are fortunate enough to loose weight . 
These will be the same brand I will order if and when I am able to down size each time hopefully in the not so far distant future ... 
I would recommend these shirts regardless of price also to anyone . 
For the amount of money that they charge for this shirt , it is a steal . 
I will buy a few more . 
I would suggest going a size bigger to get the desired look . 
THIS WAS ANOTHER SUCCESS STORY . 
I'VE HAD IT FOR A WHILE NOW AND IT ' S BEEN WASHED MANY TIMES BUT IT HAS NEVER PILLED UP WHICH NOT ONLY LOOKS BAD BUT IS REALLY UNCOMFORTABLE AS WELL . 
THERE'S NOT AN ELEMENT OF SURPRISE BUT ALSO NO ELEMENT OF SHOCK - THE GIFT NEVER TURNS OUT BADLY THIS WAY AND THERE ARE USUALLY EVIEWS FROM OTHER CUSTOMERS THAT ONE CAN LOOK THROUGH TO AID IN MAKING A FINAL DECISION . 
The shirt sizing is good . 
And that's where the pro's of this shirt end . I didn't expect a whole lot at this price , but I got hosed on this one . I will tell you that the material is woven so thinly that the shirt is very close to being transparent . 
I haven't washed the shirt yet , and maybe I shouldn't . 
It seriously is what most would refer to being thread-bear . 
I have shirts 10 years old that have been worn and washed numerous times and they are in better shape than this shirt is new . I wouldn't take possession of the shirt again if it was free plus $ 25But that's me . 
DELIVERED ON TIME , WOULD RECOMMEND . 
I have a few Jerzees that I've used to sleep in instead of PJ tops so I knew this would be OK as an extra white tennis polo .. like them ( I have two ) for the money . 