Sturdy and seemingly well-made . 
Fits the 3 - yr old & the 5 - yr old well . 
Only con is that when the kids pull off the tutus , the waste band gets twisted , and an adult has to un-tangle . 
But this is not difficult . 
My Great Grand Daughters Love these Tutu's . 
Thanks for a great product.NEVER BUY FROM DRESS UP DREAMS ... I will buy more as long as I don't buy from " Dress Up Dreams " I never rec'd or order in FL . 
Company is a rip off . 
REFUSES to make good on purchase ... Real creeps . 
It's amazing quality ! 
She fits a 4T and it's just above her knee , and has a little bit of growing room , although I'm not so sure as much as others are saying . 
My 3yr old loved this tutu skirt in pink ! 
Love this Jewelry Box so well put together holds plendy ... Love the pink & looks so nice on my vanity . 
My granddaughter likes the Shining Image Jewelry Box given to her for a birthday gift from Grandma . 
I wish the drawers were deeper for holding her many necklaces . 
Also , I wish the drawers had a stop , preventing the drawers from tipping contents entirely when trying to remove one piece of jewelry . 
My granddaughter is only five years old , so having the background knowledge of knowing when to stop the action of pulling the drawer from the base requires practice . 
I , on the other hand , have had lacks of years of practice with jewelry drawers , but also struggle with removing the drawer without spilling the contents . 
I bought one of these neck stashes for my most recent cruise and used it everyday while on vacation . 
I stuffed cash , my passport , driver's license and several credit cards in it and still had some room to spare . 
I ordered several different ones but this one is really convenient for the documents I want to carry close and safe where I can get to them easily , 
It fits effortlessly under a shirt and holds all your valuables . 
My son loves this . 
Not the best quality if you want something durable . 
It is still in one piece though , after a party . 
aren't even covered in the instructions that come with the watch , you have to download the full set of instructions to figure that out , then some of the fields used to set the values are so small and located in such bizarre locations , that even with 20/20 vision , I had to use an illuminated magnifying glass to see , then set the values . 
As others have stated , it should not be counted upon as a means to wake you from sleep . 
Finally , the feature navigation is not intuitive , meaning if you do not use the features and sub-features regularly , good luck with remembering how some of the functions are accessed , and turned on and off , unless you carry the instructions on your person . I am going to keep this " wrist computer " for trekking , but it will not be the watch on my wrist for everyday casual use . 
That honor will still go to my Wenger Military . 
It is feature-rich , fairly compact and lightweight , but the issues above make it less than desirable and overpriced . 
I've had this watch for several years now and it still holds up . 
However , it offers some nice advantages over most others , with only a couple drawbacks . 
I wore mine for two tours in Iraq and it performed perfectly . 
Not that I truly ever relied on the Comp-Baro-Alti features , because we always had other more advanced devices for that . 
And the basic time , stopwatch , alarm and timer functions were used often and performed well.Pros : User replaceable battery - very helpful in the field and easy to do , saves money.Broad array of functions - easy to manipulate the various features with a little practice and reading the manual.Very accurate - the watch loses very little time over the months and years , good quartz movement.Good water resistance - not a dive watch , but it holds up well , even under several meters of water , which I've done.Comfortable despite its large size - pretty light weight and a large , comfortable band.Easy to read - large face , big numbers.Attractive design - very distinct look.Cons : Not solar-atomic ( like Casio Pathfinder ) - however , battery is easily replaced and the quartz movement is very accurate.Thicker case - more so than the Casio PAW 1300 , but not too bad.Bottonology - the button function layout is different than most Timex and Casios , but isn't too hard to figure out.Price - higher than many , but not excessive for what you get.Overall , despite the drawbacks referenced above , I highly recommend the Suunto X-Lander and I would assume the other Suunto models are also good . 
This is a fun little purse for a toddler . 
I bought this for my friend's three year old daughter and she absolutely adored it . 
For the money , this gift is perfect ! 
very nice first purse for a little girl . 
My granddaughter will love it , I am saving it to give to her for Easter . 
The child I gave it to loved it , she carries it around all the time . 
Cool toy for the Mommy mini me girly girl . 
A bit cheaper in quality than the small picture makes it look , but for the price , it serves it's purpose . 
It's worth buying . 
I also bought a book ( Lillie's Purple Plastic Purse ) to go along with it as a gift for my 2 year old niece . 
Lots of fun for a little girl . 
It was really sweet and she loved carrying it around and taking the stuff out . 
This was so much fun for my niece , a two year old . 
She loved the purse for other items as well , like carrying her other precious things . 
Nice little toy gets a lot of use . 
bought this for our daughters 2nd birthday and she loves it . 
its great for any little girls " first purse " :) 
My first purse is very sturdy and nice for any little girl developing into a big girl . 
I love it . 
Bought this for a baby in the family , she loves real purses so I had to buy her the baby version ! 
she loved it . 
It's connected to a small piece of rope . 
The map is hard for my 3 year old to roll up & Velcro back together .. 
Nice quality , my daughter loves it to wear to her preschool ! 
! The quality & finish is great ! highly recommend ! 
I highly suggest to anyone . 
If you do not use the light or stopwatch , the battery can last for years . 
I thought it would be a bit bigger , but it was not . 
I'm keeping it anyway , it does the trick . 
Might also work as a kid's first watch but it might not hold up to kid-level abuse . 
this watch should just be for a woman's waist . 
I've worn them for a year or so and they still squeak and feel pretty cheap . 
I bought these exclusively to be worn for my daughter's Mavis Halloween Costume and they were perfect ! ! 
The fit is perfect . 
Always wanted a Converse but was somewhat indecisive . 
Now I regret not getting one of these sooner . 
Got these for my son , as he is a fan of Daniel Tiger , and I thought they could match . 
He has had them for 6 months , and has worn them constantly - they are still in great shape , and he gets really good traction . 
I normally were a size 12 and the 11.5 fit perfect ! 
Excellent article.It was what I expected.Excellent Shoe and good service delivery . I am satisfied with the package . I recommend them.My daughter loves it . 
Always in style , no matter what era ! 
These converse shoes are the exact style I wore in the 80s and my dad wore in the 50s . 
Now my daughter is wearing them today . 
Fashion and color choices make these shoes a forever classic . 
The ultimate rocker or groupie shoe . 
So cool and never goes out of style . 
Great price . 
Just your basic , hi top chucks . 
They are nice shoes , well made & highly rated , but they were a gift that I bought for my husband ... a bit too early . 
I wore these in the rain , and they did excellent . I love them , ohh an d a FREE pair of shoe laces came along . 
Not good for someone with a wide foot . 
Excellent quality . 
I now have several in white , red , and black ... 
great deal . 
I highly recommend these shoes to anyone for a great shoe for the summer . 
I bought these for my grown daughter for Valentine's Day and she loved them ! 
They fit perfectly . 
Fit perfectly and she loves them . 
Great shoes . 
Got these for my niece for her birthday . 
They fit perfect soooo yeeaah that's it 
The fit perfectly as expected and are very comfortable . 
If you are considering whether to purchase them or not , DO IT ! 
They also make a good gift for all ages . 
These shoes are timeless . 
I chose gray / white , they look & feel great . 
Great shoes good price arrived quickly great Job Love the shoes what else can I say Converse shoes like these are cool and durable Happy customer 
And they shipped so fast 
I am a " young " senior and I wore these with my crop jeans and with my long jeans folded up and they really look great ! 
I keep buying this shoe because I know exactly what size I need and it's comfortable and Converse doesn't change it to something that doesn't work . 
I keep buying both the low profile and high top versions for my son as he grows , and he loves them . 
The shoe fits nice , has a good flexible sole for running on both pavement and grass , so for a toddler , that is a plus . 
Also , he can wear them all day , and is comfortable . 
As anyone who has ever own Chuck's knows , they are narrow . 
My husband has wanted a pair for a few years now and this was the only place I could find his size . 
My granddaughter put these on her 13th birthday gift list and I was fortunate to get the last pair in this size and color . 
I loved them because she loved them . 
they are true to size for my husband and they are a great neutral color . 
Absolutely Love them . 
Quick shipment , perfect fit , color and comfort ! 
Love them . 
They fit true to size and are very comfortable ! 
My son has these in every color . 
Happy to have purchased . 
not nearly the quality of Chuck Taylor Converse from the past , undoubtedly from being made in Indonesia . 
This was my last stop in my tour of expensive sports bras that the interwebs say are best for ladies with large breasts , and I was hoping that it would blow the competition out of the water . 
It's playing nicely with the other bras in the water . 
This bra works fine , but I didn't find it to be anything special . 
As much as I loved the back of this bra , I positively gasped at how it made my chest look . 
It got rid of any roundness , and just flattened the front ... not a flattering look . 
Returning tomorrow ... and the search continues . 
It's very pretty , just a bit too yellow . 
I still like it and will wear it when I need to balance out the gold . 
It has a change compartment in the back , also a compartment for bills and another zippered compartment on the inside . 
On top of that , there is space to fit my cell phone , lipstick , nail file , and it could accommodate a couple more items ( small though ) . 
It has a small hand strap that pulls out from inside the bag and a long strap if you wanted to use it as a shoulder bag which can easily be taken off . 
I don't like the zipper coin compartments because they don't open wide enough so this is just right . 
And the style and color is nice / classy . 
It also has a check book holder inside and about 5 credit card slots . 
It also has a zipper compartment inside to store stuff you want to keep but don't use as much . 
Very nice . 
Now if the banks would still make this style of checkbook It would be very convenient . 
First of all I want to say that it is a lovely , well-made wallet . 
The change purse clasp pops open and so does the snap closure . 
perfect size too :) AB 
A simple fix would be reinforced stitching in that most used area of the wallet where wear-and-tear are greatest . 
I didn't think it was easy to open or that it stored cards and bills well . 
I have been looking for years in stores for a replacement for my 25 year old wallet . 
I am a creature of habit--and do not trade in ANYTHING lightly . 
I just got finished transferring all my life from that to the new Buxton wallet . 
Mind you , a wallet to me is a brief history of my life - - where I carry Catholic holy cards , my NRA life-membership card , pictures of my late husband and drivers licenses dating back 15 years . 
HIGHLY recommend . 
This fit the bill perfectly . 
It's a handy , small size and the leather is quite soft to touch . 
The drawback is that the gap at the top when the purse is clasped is so large little items may fall out . 
With the price of lipstick these days , I won't chance carrying it loose in this purse ! 
I did keep the purse , though , thinking I can use it for special occasions when it suits my outfit . 
I love this billfold ! 
It is large & has many compartments and slots . 
I love the zip around closure as well . 
I always come back to Buxton for wallets . 
There's also a change pouch in front for easy access . 
Mine is red , and it's a rich , not fire engine color . 
This was the one I initially liked the best , but the one of the zippered compartments was too small for dollar bills , and the zipper would separate when zipped . 
The color is not fire engine red just a nice red color . 
The leather is medium soft with a nice feel to it . 
When all filled I still found this Buxton clutch to be fairly slim . 
This slip is going to work great under a light colored summer dress . 
Slip is the perfect length for the dress and fits just as expected . 
The fit was good ITS A SLIP WHAT CAN YOU SAY THE ITEM ARRIVED AFTER I NEEDED BUT THAT WAS FINE 
I recently bought several wrap and faux-wrap dresses that could show off WAY too much leg if there's a slight breeze , so I needed something a bit modest to spare the world a view of my blindingly white legs . 
This slip works PERFECTLY . 
It's beautiful and comfortable . 
I've got that lovely pear shape going , and it still fit perfectly over my hips . 
Traditional styling that you don't see much of anymore . 
It stays where in place . 
It's not bulky at all . 
These work very well . 
Love the color and the feel . 
Best I've found for the price . 
Very easy on the skin and easy to take off , no pain at all , and stay on all day long . 
Great for the price and no pain when removing ! 
Completes the look . 
I bought these because for my size I was told this was the best brand . 
They fit fine , didn't ride up or roll down , and didn't bunch up around the legs . 
Very sexy and gives nice finished look under your favorite retro dress . 
I love it . 
Pulls in without rolling down at the waist or hiking up . 
Nicely made . 
They work GREAT ! ! ! 
The fit was very accurate and the length was just right . 
I'm 5ft 3inch and it was perfect ! 
All the Shadowline products I have purchased fit perfect and the gown or robes have been well made . 
surprisingly warm and soft feeling . 
Beautiful , good price , an excellent buy for anyone to enjoy . 
I love it anytime , any place . 
Since a few customers have commented that the quality has changed - and I have NOT found this to be the case , I want to include some information from a comment by one of the sellers . 
I have worn these gowns for more than 20 years . 
I was so happy to find them available here on Amazon because absolutely NOTHING I have found , for any amount of money , has been as nice as the Shadowline . 
The pale pink , peach , and periwinkle are not quite as opaque as the other colors but I do not find anything unusual about that ( think white pants ! ) . 
:-) ___Shoppers please note : There was a short period of time ( late 2011 ) when Shadowline used a different fabric for the Petals gowns in Holly Red and Deep Lavender . 
It was not as nice as their traditional Opacitrique fabric . 
When they changed this in 2012 ( and changed the color names to Red and Purple ) , the listings got mixed up here and were combined into the same page ( for Purple and Deep Lavender ) . 
And I believe the Deep Lavender and Purple are now the same gowns . 
If you have doubts , it is a simple matter to contact the seller of whichever size & color you are viewing and ask them whether it is Opacitrique fabric : select a size and color , then click on the seller's name that shows up . 
Hope this helps ! 
They are the best gowns . 
The length is perfect . 
I love my gowns long ... not ankle length . 
I am 5 ' 6 " and the gown brushes the top of my foot . 
I purchased two of the three packs and upon opening one package I discovered that they were full of pulls that would lead to runs during / after first use . 
Also , I found them to be very sheer . 
I thought that by purchasing the ' fantasy black ' that they would be more like tights in color but that was not the case . 
SURPRISINGLY THESE STOCKINGS ARE WONDERFUL ! MY Lady loves the way they feel on and they actually stay up on her Big ThighsWOOO ! 
I am a solid 32DDD . 
I've been measured and that is the size of bra I wear in brands across the board . 
I'd probably be able to fit a tablespoon in there and fill lit perfectly . 
It isn't that the cup is too big , it's only this extra nipple space . 
The bra is also scratchy . 
I wouldn't compare it to the torpedo boobs you'd see on Marilyn Monroe and the likes , but it definitely does give a point to the breasts . 
I also ordered Wacoal La Femme Contour Bra . 
This bra is AMAZING . 
The Wacoal bra is unbelievably comfortable and only a tad bit more in price . 
great support for running , I have worn this ugly bra for 20 years , it has the best support and comfort . 
Large breasted women will love this bra ! 
Very comfortable . 
Perfect in warm weather . 
Ideal for wearing under button front blouses and retro fashions such as sheath dresses . 
Highly Recommended ! ! 
Good support at a fair price . 
I BUY ANOTHER HAD ONE BEFORE , I LOVE THESE BRA THE BONES WAS NOT TOO TIGHT . 
Bali is a trusted name in intimate apparel , so I tried out this bra . 
I love the way it feels and how it makes me look when I wear tee shirts and sweaters . 
It runs true to size , so I didn't need to return it for a larger size . 
Comfortable great bra . 
I'm not one to like wearing bras but this one is nice . 
Best minimizer 
And it works . 
This works ! MY BALI INDULGENCE 34 DD AND 36 DD . 
This is not sleeping comfort . 
I don't know why there is this discrepancy but the white bras are perfect . 
This is a good bra in that it is not skimpy , but manufacturer needs to correct the defect in the black bras . 
This bra offers all the support in the world for a full figured woman . 
It is very comfortable as an all day at work bra . 
The only reason i " m not giving it five stars it that it does give a little pointy look to the boobs but not the cone look so its still very flattering . 
I usually wear Lilyette Minimizer bras , but now they do not even make the one I really like . 
So I decided to try the Bali Minimizer , but although it fits , it does not minimize like the Lilyette does . 
ITS A COMFORTABLE BRA AND MADE VERY WELL . 
I love the bra , the cup size is perfect . 
Bali bras are the best ... especially if you're full figured . 
Wonderful price . 
My daughter has a great deal of trouble finding a good fitting bra . 
We will definitely purchase again . 
Wonderful love this bra . 
This underwire bra is the best I've ever worn and one of the longest lasting . 
I understand most minimizer bras give you somewhat of a classic missile t * t look , but this was just weird . 
Very snug around the waist , the cup towards the torso was Ok , but there was a very weird " reservoir tip " at the nipple.So sad because I love the color and micro leopard print ! 
FULL SUPPORT I HAD ONE BEFORE HAD TO BUY ANOTHER.GREAT BRA GIVES YOUR BUST FULL SUPPORT . 
The bra fits a bit tight , was not quite the right size for me . 
I really like it though , its comfortable and looks good too . 
soft , attractive , and I will purchase again . 
I've worn this bra for years and ordered my usual size - - 38 DDD . 
I had to size up to get the fit I had before with the smaller size.Overall , I find the bra comfortable and it provides great support . 
But it does squeeze me on the sides . 
The boning digs into my skin . 
I know the next size up does not fit ... its too big , BUT this is a nice bra , does a good job of minimizing . 
I have been wearing this particular style for many years , and was happy to find a great deal on Amazon . 
This bra covers quite a lot and is very comfortable to wear . 
Buy to gift to my grandmother . 
She love it , and want to wear everyday ! ! 
Perfect to use in home really comfy . 
This night gown is very pretty and very comfortable . 
The detail on the yoke is very nice . 
Comfort and fit is great . 
Like the gown very muchLike the quality of the materialFits nicely and comfortableWill purchase this brand again 
The perfect quality of Shadowline tricot is tops in the business . 
I'm replacing 20 year old Shadowline gowns just because after 20 years they're a bit discolored - that's it - the fabric stays as perfect 20 years later as it was day one . 
Have been wearing these for years . 
This Shadowline Nightgown is very well made , and very comfortable to wear . 
The fit is perfect and the softness of the material makes for a wonderful experience . 
This nightgown is perfect for lounging and sleeping as it is as luxurious as it is comfortable . 
Many years ago , I finally found a Wacoal that stays put but it no longer fits and is being discontinued . 
It works perfect . 
my legs are mostly in no nonsense pantyhose but a co worker said to try the hanes sheer nylon pantyhose , i really like how sheer my control top sheer toe silk reflections pantyhose are , these pantyhose are very soft and sheer nylons , like all of my pantyhose when i pull up very sheer pantyhose i take my time so i dont run my nylons and pantyhose , once on i love how these pantyhose make me feel , i prefer reinforced toe pantyhose but sheer toes are nice also . 
i wear pantyhose and nylons everyday and now have several pairs of hanes pantyhose . 
Not only do these hose fit , but they really do exert control comfortably . 
They are also strong ( have used for years ) but have a silky quality . 
Cannot speak highly enough about this purchase . 
Had not thought about buying hose online but this great ! 
Thanks Amazon ! 
Hanes Silk Reflections are very very sheer and are a great step in-between tights and tan legs ! 
The " Jet " color is a nice light black , not opaque like tights but definitely noticeable . 
I prefer nylons that have some color so it's clear I intend for my legs to be an unnatural color , and not just strangely tan or bandage-pale . I'm 5 ' 5 " and 125lb , and the size A / B fit perfectly . 
They were comfortable all night . 
Normally I'm a bit leary of combination sizes , but these fit great and the quality of these panty hose is excellent ! 
They are quite lovely on and the control top does the " tucking " I need it to do ! 
Had they not got a run as I was putting them on I might give it a higher rating ... Was bummed . 
Turns out it was not even close . 
I wouldn't dare wearing it with any other though , just not my color ; Too bright . 
It was a nice try though . 
Great job from Hanes . 
As promised , this pantyhose is silky but well-made . 
Hanes is quickly becoming my go-to brand for beautiful stockings . 
I am sure that also the stiffness contributed to that . 
The underwire is a little small and the cup itself is a little large . 
This is cute but it's scratchy in all the places you don't want it to be scratchy like the band and the straps . 
Fit perfect and it was a good price for the size . 
This bra is amazing , it's supportive and super comfortable . 
I'm a 36DDD ( sometimes a 34 ) and this fits like a dream . 
Also , it looks fantastic on , I will be ordering in more colors ! 
Super sexy , not itchy , boobs look amazing ! 
I will be ordering more because it is so hard to find sexy bras in the larger sizes 
It is a 36 B , and I pretty much fill it out . 
As others have mentioned , sheer bras are normally way too large in the cup , usually because they're stretchy . 
This is not stretchy through the cup , and I couldn't be happier . 
This does not dig into me , and I don't find it to be itchy . 
This is working for me . 
All that does is make them look smaller , and , well ... squished together . 
This allows them to sit a lot closer to where they want to sit ( they tend to point outwards just a bit ) , however , it DOES GIVE SUPPORT . 
This is a small miracle . 
And , thanks to all the previous reviewers whose comments clued me in as to how this would fit ! 
They seem to have the perfect structure for people with large , firm , dense , close-set breasts on a narrow frame . 
It causes some sagging at the top of the cups and any seaming or cup fabric structure to not line up properly with the breasts . 
The mesh stretches and conforms to your breasts while the lacy detail prevents the fabric from moving and conforming . 
Great usual Felina fit no surprises here . 
Has a nude colored lining under the lace , looks very nice . 
Fits well , though the straps could be a bit wider for the larger sizes . 
This bra is beautifully made and quite supportive . 
But the support seems good and the bra is both delicate and sexy while still providing coverage . 
I'll be returning for a smaller size . 
This bra is really pretty and holds the big puppies firmly in place.Great quality and looks very sexy . 
Like wearing a piece of silk with a little elastic throughout for support . 
No snags of binding against the skin and slack , etc . 
These also have a cotton crotch to allow health there . 
These briefs have been my favorite briefs for over 25 years now . 
I am very long waisted and rather curvy and these are the ONLY briefs that I found that DO NOT RIDE UP ! ... I hope Bali never stops making them . 
I have worn these for years and love them . 
I highly recommend them . 
They seem to hold up well in the wash , although I usually take mine out and air dry to help the fabric and elastic last longer . I have bought more and will do so again . 
Shapewear always seems to run weird , and I have bought items too small in the past , but this is not shapewear , just huge black underwear . 
They seem to hold up well in the wash , although I usually take mine out and air dry to help the fabric and elastic last longer . 
These are the most comfortable and best fit I've found anywhere . 
Nice quality and the size is correct . 
If you want good cotton old lady panties these are what you need . 
I ordered these a couple of sizes too big and was much more comfortable . 
the blood and serous drainage washed out nicely . 
I was concerned , since I ordered online and couldn't hold them up to put my eyes on them before I bought them . 
They were my favorite underwear colors to , especially the dark grey . 
I wish they were still available . 
This bikini underwear fits so nice and does not ride up . 
It is very comfortable and I will order more . 
For whatever reason , i cannot get this bra to lay smooth - gapping at the top and the size down is too small ... would have made a great seamless addition but i have to return it 
These are a very nice pair of stockings . 
They are thick , have nice shimmer , and will go great with my dress that I am wearing for the wedding . 
i found the same Spanx Power Panties at Nordstrom Rack for 19.99 . 
No thanks ! ! 
Surprisingly , these are also really comfortable during warmer months . 
You'll feel confident and comfortable . 
These are perfect under skirts to keep you cool and prevent thighs from rubbing together . 
Also , I can see where they'd be easy to snag with a rough fingernail or ring , so be careful . 
There is not giant indentation for the waist or legbands though , which is nice . 
But I will not say they are comfortable ... they do suck it all in . 
They're the same quality he's used to and the shipping was very fast . 
He has been wearing these for years and is satisfied . 
Happy husband = happy wife . 
We've bought these before and he still likes them . 
Husband loves the fit and the way they feel . 
I have always liked the quality of Jockey but when I recieved these they fit a little snug . 
I had to switch to a different brand . 
I have been looking for a shoe that I could be comfortable in . 
I love softspots anyway , but this shoe is perfect for me . 
I just love having no tags .. 
Panties are cotton making them cool and they breath . 
In fact , we still put the head piece on the kids sometimes , just for s * * * and giggles . 
:) This was roomy on my the 16 month old , which was good since it allowed us to put a layer of clothing underneath . 
Perfect to keep everything together in one place . 
I usually have an extra wide width with shoes . 
I bought this same shoe in a different color way back when in a MEDIUM width . 
To my surprise , it fit perfect . 
I ordered this shoe on amazon in medium width and it still fit perfect . 
They are very comfortable , easy on and off , nice shoe to wear with shorts 
Very pleased with these shoes really are very c'ñomodos both so they buy another pair but different color . 
Highly recommended . 
Way too big , even though I usually wear a 10.5 EE . 
Had to return for a 10 , which was still too big . 
These shoes are probably the most comfortable I own . 
I power through it though because these things are so comfortable . 
They really only work with jeans.Fit was as expected , unlike Keens that usually need a 1/2 size bigger . 
If you are looking for a supportive , comfortable slip-on for work or for casual wear , you may want to consider " Merrell Jungle Moc " slip-ons . 
The soles are rubber and , if wearing these on wet surfaces , help prevent slipping.Because " Merrell Jungle Moc " are not flexible but are somewhat wide , you may find it necessary to order a smaller size than you normally wear . 
Merrell's WERE great , perhaps when they were made in Canada . 
These are identical in stated sizing to a wonderful pair of Merrell Jungle Moc's I wore comfortably in and out of the house for years , but my heel slipped a lot in these , there was way too much toe room , and they seemed 1/2 to 1 size too large . 
I wear a 9.5 US Merrell but these felt like 10-10 . 5 ' s . 
I had to return them for properly fitting and comfortable Teva's . 
I do not recommend these , I would not buy again , and I hope this helps someone . 
Sizing is true to size . 
I bought these for my 92 yr old father in law and he loves them , they are comfortable and easy for him to put on . 
As always Amazon delivered and with no questions asked took them back ! 
I just received my order , & with the help of a shoehorn ( normal procedure for me ) got them on just fine . 
So far they seem to fit well , I find them comfortable to walk in , & the traction is good - - especially needful as I have balance problems . I'll seriously think of getting another pair when I need new ones ! 
I got these shhoes for my father who loves going hiking and he really loves them , he now wears them everyday for the morning walk . 
I have been wearing Merrell's for about 12 years . 
These are some of the best feeling , best fitting shoes I have ever worn and the Jungle Moc is my personal favorite ! 
These are very comfortable and I wear them on occasions that are not casual enough for myMerrell Men's Moab Ventilator Multisport Shoe . 
Was skeptical about these Merrell Jungle Mocs but the 100s of reviews were outstanding so I tried them.wow , glad I did ! 
Told my wife I will need a nw pair soon because these will be worn out from constant wear . 
still .. these will do . 
He only likes solid white casual shoes besides his track shoes for work outs in the NG . 
True to size . 
Thanks amazon for having them so I can easily shop ! 
They are the most comfortable shoes . 
shoes need to be comfortable ! 
if you want a comfortable shoe , i'd go with the sketcher go-walks . 
they don't look quite as sharp but are super comfortable . 
great price , too . 
The quality is still the same as I remember it . 
Unfortunately the sneaker does not run narrow andd the medium is just to wide . 
The first pair I ordered in the size I have worn for decades was too short and way too tight thru the toe area . 
Ordered a half a size larger and they were still tight thru the toe area and the heel area is too large , but the length was right . 
I had to use inserts in the heels and put them in a stretcher to make the toe area comfortable . 
Will not be ordering these shoes anymore . 
These are very comfortable for zumba . 
Anyway , although I haven't worn these out of the house yet , I'm sure they will work well for me provided I still use my cane . 
I will admit in reading the other reviews , they do run narrow which was fine with me and the length was perfect . 
Nicely made too . 
I don't recommend them for the gym , they are not made for it.But they are still so cute ! Thank you . 
It seems to be very well made and very warm . 
I bought these for boots that are large on me . 
These thick socks do the job of filling out the footbed and keeping my toes warm . 
This sock fits my foot well , but is not as binding as other Experian type Thorlos I have worn . 
These socks are great . 
They're are very comfortable . 
It's amazing . 
The nape , though comfortable , lasts only one wearing before it is all pulled . 
They are very comfortable socks which I wear under my boots in the winter . 
This sock has been fine for hiking . 
I did lots of backpacking during the summer . 
Works well . 
Great pants to wear while working in the yard or to stay warm on snowy days . 
My son is rough and tough , with an athletic build ! 
These pants are well made , are comfortable but smart , and have that feel of quality which makes you feel good . 
you simply can't beat the durability and comfort . 
These are the most comfortable pieces of clothing I wear . 
Just amazing . 
On the one hand you get triple sewn seams but on the other hand , the duck cloth is pretty standard and not thick enough for daily hard wear and tear . 
I love these pants for general use but for construction work ? 
Very comfortable 
Overall I'm very happy with my pants after 2 returns . 
Soft and great color . 
6 ' 3 " , 175 and I love the way it hangs . 
It is excellent for work . 
Comfortably light weight , yet warm enough for chilly days . 
The pocket allows for note cards and a pen . 
Easily layered with a T-shirt or a vest . 
I love my Carhartt's shirts ! 
These long sleeve T's are made of a durable material the is still soft and comfortable . 
has them in every color . 
they get a work out and wash up nicely & last a long time . 
good quality & a handsome look for almost any body type 
Not my first Carhartt Work shirt , but first Henley with 3 button front . 
You can find work shirts for less , but this is a much better shirt , strong fabric double stitched - spend a few more $ and get the real deal with a Carhartt.Size ; I'm just under 6 ' tall , 170 lbs 34 " waist and sleeve length - athletic build ; usually wear a large but a Medium Regular fits me best . 
If the shirt fits buy it in every color ! 
The work shirt is made well , it's durable and it washes well . 
It was very true to size , and fit him well . 
liked the fir and look 
He's not a tiny guy so this was perfect ! 
its a night gown , for me , if my husbands not wearing it . 
These are the best fitting and most comfortable socks that I have ever worn . 
Well worth the price . 
I still have some socks from this company that are almost 20 years old ! 
Nice shirt , as expected . 
Other than that great shirt . 
My husband loves these Carhartt work shirts . 
We bought these in 3 different colors . 
My husband likes it and that is all that counts . 
When Dockers discontinued my favorite pocketed T's five years ago , I started my quest for replacements . 
While the XL hides my recently acquired larger waist , it's also so large that it could accommodate shoulder pads . 
Further , the length covers a good part of my pockets in my jeans or shorts . 
Once it goes in the dryer , it will fit perfectly . 
Dry on medium temp . 
It is a looser fit , so for the guys working outside , it is not uncomfortable or clingy and won't make you look like a sausage . 
Even while bending , this t-shirt delivers and covers what it needs to cover in the backside area . 
Both are great colors though . 
Not a heavy-weight t-shirt , which can be too hot in the summer while working outside . 
Very nice t-shirt . 
As usual , Carhardt made a good shirt . 
I returned the LX for an L but the L is still fairly big on me , I'm just going to deal with it though . 
Have purchased Carhartt for years and recently have noticed the fit and the crew ribbing at neck have not been uniform . 
Different locations where made all have different issues . 
Purchase in question , color spinach is stamped " original fit " . 
No others have this and this fits the most different . 
Am not a happy camper . 
First , the shirts fit well . 
The pocket is a huge help , too . 
Nice quality , thick and durable , and nice colors . 
I wear a 42 and the large is perfection . 
Can't beat Carhartt quality . 
My son is 6 4 and about 250 and these work great but they do run a bit large so an XXL somewhere else is an XL here 
I love these Carhartt shirts . 
The workmanship is of great quality . 
Love CarharttOrdered 2 for my husband hand he loves them.He has been wearing this brand for years.No shrinkageGreat quality , washes well . 
My Dad and Husband LOVE these T-shirts , they don't wear anything but these shirts now ! 
I will continue to purchase them in different colors ! 
I usually by Penney's but I have read they stopped selling the ones that I liked . 
Gave these Carharrt's a chance and so far I have been impressed with them . 
I don't use them for work but leisure and around the house activities . 
I have always liked their work jeans and I find these a nice addition.Overall they seem to be made well and are roomy . 
I live in Florida and summers are brutal . 
I needed natural fiber materials because of my work environment . 
I love the Carhartt pocket tshirts . 
They are durable and look great even after numerous washes . 
They keep their shape , don't wrinkle up or shrink . 
Very well constructed t-shirt , but runs a size larger than stated . 
I would highly recommend it especially for men working outside . 
The pocket is also handy to have for storage purposes . 
I purchased this shirt for my husband to use as work shirts . 
I got this and several others for my husband to wear to work . 
They do shrink a bit from first wash . 
These are fantastic ! 
Quality is still great and fit is as described by others . 
Great coat that holds up well over the years . 
It washes up great and is warm but not too bulky . 
I bought a bigger size because I have really long arms , and it fits great and super warm ! ! 
The green color is perfect not too dark not too light . 
My husband works outside and these keep him warm . 
We do not wash them daily . 
The pockets are different ! 
but they are perfect . 
I wear a size 36 waist so I got a 46 and it fits great over jeans with thermals underneath . 
Fits great also over just jeans . 
Like all Carhartt products its warm and durable . 
It keeps you warm in sub zero windy conditions 
I get so many compliments on a daily basis on these and they are still super comfortable even though they may not be AS comfortable as the originals . 
The belt fit my son great . 
Good quality for a good price . 
We have at least 20 baseball belts in different sizes and colors , from our two sons ' many seasons of baseball . 
But , we didn't have a black one in an adult size , which our older son needs now that he's bigger . 
Our son's baseball team didn't give them belts with the uniform , and his first game is in three days , so I was happy to receive this one so quickly and have " belt " checked off my list . 
Finally , a pair of jeans with the right length . 
These jeans are comfortable and not as expensive as some other brands . 
These have been my favorite jeans for a long time.They fit great , the advertised size is what it says it is.Fit is perfect for boots.Fit is great in the crotch , where many others sag these do not . 
Never really a fan of jeans as I prefer the more standard khaki pants which I wear on regularly for work . 
Would definitely recommend these to people who appreciate a good quality jean . 
I've been wearing carhartt jeans for years and they are the best fitted , most durable and comfortable jeans going . 
Love this pants always have . 
I feel you would feel comfortable wearing these pants . 
This is some great jeanery . 
Had to return for full refund . 
These are my first pair of Carhart jeans . 
Good quality and have worn well so far . 
I have never seen so many belt loops in a pair of jeans . 
I found that different . 
Seem to be a good and solid build . 
I am a Carhartt fan and will continue to buy this brand . 
Carhartt jeans are the best in my book . 
reasonably priced jeans that wear well . 
I'm a cheapskate at heart ... these are right up my alley ! 
I bought these jeans for my husband . 
They have held up exceptionally well ( this being my 2nd pair ) and have been plagued with none of the problems I experienced with those other maker's jeans . 
Fit is good , sizing accurate , wear exceptional . 
Great fit , thick denim , my husband wanted them for work , and he is very pleased with thi fit of them 
Comfortable Tough you name it - I will continue to Purchase Carhartt Jeans ! 
The first two pairs lasted over five years through all kinds of wear conditions . 
My husband loves them . 
I hope I can help to you 
We have been buying these for my husband for about 10 years . 
They are very comfortable for him to walk in and they wear for a LONG time . 
This pair shows a little bit somehow large but it's acceptable . 
I have been looking for some lined , warm jeans for several years . 
My husband loved these when he first put them on and continued to love them - except that after they were washed , they turned a funny color . 
They are still wearable . 
They just look a little odd now . 
They really do help keep me warm in the wind . I wear a 38 x 30 or 32 depending on the cut and style of jean . 
The same is true of the width , I am usually a perfect 38 and these fit really well.When I need a pair of jeans for wearing after work I will be looking at Wrangler . 
Size and appearance are true to the picture . 
These are smaller than they look on the website . 
She is sensitive to that , so it was important . 
My Wife love it.She looks beautiful , elegant and SexyWe are really happy with this product but they are a little tiny.We recommended to buy the product because to be totally honest , is beautiful ! ! ! 
These are nice enough earrings but they were not as depicted . 
I bought these originally expecting a rather inexpensive imitation of fine jewelry but am happy to report that my wife loved them and guessed that I had paid much more than I actually did spend . 
These would be great for a child , and good for a women when she doesn't want a large hoop . 
These have a post that sticks out a bit in the back , so they are not as comfortable as a hoop where the clasp goes inside the hoop . 
They have a polish finish , and are a good choice for a small unobtrusive but substantial looking earring . 
These hoops were perfect ! 
Not to small and not to big .. a little smaller then a silver dime . 
I like the color and shape of the earring . 
Be careful if you wear them daily ( as do I ) , for they can easily come off while changing clothes or taking off a scarf . 
I need to wear white gold since I am cannot wear silver or inexpensive fashion earrings due to a sensitivity to those metals . I have fair skin and dark hair , but you can still see these . 
They are very well made , though , and lightweight . 
I found the earrings to be well made , shiny , and just right for everyday wear . 
Very small . 
They did not work for me , but if you like small earrings they might . 
I ordered these when they had the 30 % off deal . 
I don't like large earrings , so these are just the right size for me . 
These ear rings are the perfect size . 
They are a good quality and are shiny and bright . 
Simple and well made . 
They look elegant . 
Easy to put in and the perfect size to replace a pair I had lost . 
This earrings are great . 
People think I have alot of earrings ( which I do ) but not as many as they think . 
These are just narrow enough to slip different things over them . 
If you're looking for hoops that are not too big these earrings are for you . 
I LOVE MY NEW EARRINGS ! 
I THOUGHT THEY WOULD BE A LITTLE TO BIG ON ME , BUT THE ARE TERRIFIC . 
I FEELLIKE A NEW LADY IN THEN . 
THANK YOU " AMAZON " FOR QUALITY PRODUCTS TO WEAR AND USE ! 
Maintain a nice luster . 
It was not quite a match as these were a bit more rose gold in color , but they were close enough . 
They were very pretty and worked well as a gift . 
They are beautiful and the lustre is nice . 
Love the look of them , nice size , but the earring backs slide right off . 
Not acceptable for the quality these are represented to be . 
Otherwise I'll have to return them . 
I like my jewelry to be understated and , at first , I thought these would be too big . 
If they were , I'd give them to my sisters as a birthday present . 
They are just fine at this size . 
I wear these just about everyday and they have kept their shape and color . 
I'm super happy with this purchase . 
They just slide on and off , up and down the post--there is no catch whatsoever . 
So don't hesitate to buy these since they are great quality and a good value , but do plan to replace the backs before you wear them . 
They are beautiful , just a little smaller than I wanted . 
But I recommend them as a quality and elegant set of earrings . 
The size is perfect and as I like to mix gold and silver they are just right for me . 
Very attractive . 
Pros : Very sturdy and well designedCons : I got the yellow and white gold combination for my GF , but the color doesn't quite look like the picture . 
They've become my ' go to ' earrings for everyday wear . 
Not too chunky , but substantial . 
And this company makes them in all gold and all silver with one side glossy and the other a satin look which would be my first choice , but so far they do not have it in all Rose Gold . 
However they are truly beautiful and rich looking . 
Not that the adult goggles are huge , but this case barely fits a youth size . 
Well made , simple construction . 
I keep my son's spare pair of goggles in this case on the side of his backpack where they won't get smashed . 
They are the most comfortable . 
I could not live without them in my wardrobe . 
A perfect black , perfect fit , and as comfortable as you could want . 
Always happy with their products .. 
I'm a 10/11 and had to order the large because afraid initially they'd be too tight in the medium . 
I love the fact that I can wear them under clothing and head to the gym in warmth . 
They help firm my waist and are very comfortable . 
I always buy these and I hope they continue making them . 
They are just excellent in every way . 
These are very nice shoes . 
They are comfortable , look great , and are a great price . 
New Balance is one of my favorite walking and workout shoes . 
I have owned several pairs over the years . 
This style was equally comfortable . 
The strap is completely adjustable , so I can pull it down to fit his tiny little wrist . 
It's well made perfect for kids and I believe all children should have a analog watch to learn to tell time . 
My son loves this watch . 
The band is soft and easily adjustable and the light up feature is really cool ! 
It's comfortable for our 2yr old , it's very adjustable , he can put it on and take it off a million times in a row ALL BY HIMSELF , he loves the lizards , it's super cute , and it has held up to all of the ' tests ' of destruction he has put it through so far ! 
We purchased this watch to help our son learn to tell time . 
The small numbers around the outside are great for helping kids learn minutes , though he is still learning . 
Great watch for kids ! 
I am a Levis fan for my whole life . 
50 years . 
Definitely very pleased . 
The fabric is very good quality , sturdy , with a cut that fits your body . 
Not too tight , not too slim . 
They have they own sex appeal . 
I have been a fan of the 501 style since they were in vogue during the 80 ' s . 
Th eseller provided in record time & of course brand new 
fast delivery , good fit , very happy with pants . 
Great price . 
All my life I ve been a levis user . 
For my and all my friends this it's the perfect jeans , always bought this brand and this model love it 
They fit perfectly . 
Not too big ... not too small . 
Great purchase . 
Fair price . 
Amazon has always let me have much to look forward to , quality needless to say . 
Bought them for my husband and ge's very satisfied with the fit . 
Love the quality of levis jeans and its very comfortable ! 
They are also of great value compared to the retail stores . 
Love the jeans . 
Great jeans . 
These were perfect for my son . 
I bought 3 pairs in Different colors . 
He is very happy . 
Fit is perfect . 
I wore them as a kid & as a Mom still do . 
I liked the color of the jeans and they fit great . 
I bought several pair and the fit was generally consistent . 
Love . 
Comfy , nice and good quality . 
I dont know much about mens jeans .. so I cant rate this .. but my son seems to love them ... 
I had to return them which was VERY SIMPLE AND PAINLESS ! 
Thanks for the easy return policy . 
This was my fault , not the pants ! 
bought these for my son who is tall & thin . 
They fit him perfect . 
These are PERFECT for him 
Love them ! 
The fit , the quality and how they look on my husband . 
When you can wear a pair of jeans for 10 years and they are still quality enough to donate to a charity , that says a lot for the brand . 
I have tried other brands ( Wrangler , LLBean ) , and have not been happy . 
Way too small . 
Have owned a dozen pair of these and they fit perfectly . 
These are too small , a weird cut , definitely irregular . 
they are very comfortable I will tell you that . 
The cut is not what it used to be . 
These pants should have fit my butt perfectly , but it seems the cut is now a bit saggy in the butt and crotch . 
It was the blue color of the jeans you see the cowboys wear . 
I bought these as a Xmas gift for my husband . 
He's happy with the fit and I'm happy with the look . 
These jeans are the original true and classic pimp jeans . 
levi's 501 , great jean fit as expected nice color , good quality , looks great . 
Fits great . 
Got these for my husband . 
They look great on him . 
He really likes that they do not have that destressed look but they look stylish . 
These jeans fit perfect . 
The color , stitching , denim , and fit of these jeans is really nice . 
which were very good , excellent size and quality , it is hard for me to buy pants for my size , I measure 6.1 . but this marks the size is correct . 
the only thing I did not like was the hem of the pants , it was a little different than I usually see . 
there is not one thing nice i can say about buying these jeans . 
I have been the same size 501 ' s for my husband for years . 
I'm not going to educate anyone about the genuine and authentic timeless classic that is the Levi 501 Jean.Nor do I want to listen to the whining about them not being the same quality as they were 20 years ago . 
I have seen these watches for years and loved how skinny they were . 
I bought because I love blue and love the thinness of the watch . 
It works great . 
The watch I received did not have the word " Titanium " on the dial as shown , which led me to think that it was a fake . 
I'll be buying this watch again but from a different merchant . 
These knee-high hose are quite comfortable . 
They are quite silky and a bit longer than other brands , which is nice . 
These had a great color that matched skin tone and fit as expected . 
I bought them for work pants , the look and fit well , as I expected . 
Comfortable too , right height and stretch material good too . 
These are the perfect alternative . 
I have purchased different brands and sizes of Knee Highs . 
NOT TRUE . 
Thanks ! 
Most torsolettes do not hold me up properly , this one did wonderfully . 
I am a 34F and it gave me great lift and shape . 
Nice bonus of smoothing out your waist as well . 
It is a bit tight fitting and digs in a little at the top of the back however because it holds me so well I don't mind . 
It's enormous ! ! 
I thought the picture was showing travel sizes , but those must be full sized items . 
It works perfect for my needs . 
The smaller pockets at the top fit things like band-aids , chap stick , and nail clippers while the middle sized ones are the perfect size for travel sized sample bottles . 
The larger pockets at the bottom are perfect for several larger 12 oz bottles such as sunblock and hairspray . 
It keeps me organized and hangs perfectly on a hotel room bathroom door . 
Folds up and keeps my make up safe when I travel . 
I bought this for a trip to Disney , because I had read that if you keep toiletries on the counter , they sometimes get sticky from the cleaning spray the housekeeping uses . 
I just love it for keeping all your toiletries in one place , and then you can hang it up in the bathroom to keep organized . 
Tons of pockets for different sizes of items . 
And very reasonably priced . 
This organizer works well for us . 
We traveled frequently in the last year and we enjoy all of the many pockets . 
My husband has wide feet and while these are a lighter color than I would normally buy for him , the style was great and they didn't make his feet look wide . 
He wore them yesterday for the first time and reported back to me that they were pretty comfortable for the first day . 
My husband has a wide foot so I ordered him a wide in this shoe but the regulars must run a little wide because the wide was a little too wide . 
He cinched them up tight with the laces and they work fine . 
He wears them everywhere and they still look brand new . 
Will definitely be buying another pair when these wear out . 
I purchased these shoes for my husband who was opposed to wearing them initially . 
After some coaxing , he raved about the comfort and is a Sperry convert . 
I returned them and ordered a new pair which were a size larger than they should have been despite being marked a 9.5 . 
Had some issues with pebbles getting into them at certain beaches , but not anything that was too much of an issue . 
I LOVE them and bought my Dad a pair for Father's day . 
These are are replacement pair ... he loved the first pair so much , he wore them out in two years of nearly daily use . 
I absolutely LOVE them . 
These are the real deal . 
:-) Still comfortable . 
Still durable . 
Still awesome . 
He wears normal sizes ( not wide ) . 
These fit well ; are comfortable and look great . 
Not the exact intent for a pair of sandals . 
He is also doing concrete work with these on ! 
Got a great deal on them . 
I am sure they will clean up well . 
They are very comfortable and decently warm . 
If it's a harsh winter , I'll throw on a polypropelyne sock liner underneath . 
They're just the best out there as far as comfort is concerned . 
Makes htat walk so much more enjoyable espcially when you take off your shoes . 
A warm sock , but not so heavy that you cannot wear it indoors as well . 
It also makes the shoe or boot you are wearing more comfortable . 
Lounging around in just socks inside is also more comfortable , almost like wearing a slipper . 
Smart wool hiking socks are awesome best socks I've ever bought they were so comfortable I love them and yes I will buy more and I would recommend this family or friends . 
Not itchy or hot . 
Highly recommend . 
These are incredibly comfortable . 
The pockets are nice as well . 
They are perfect because they aren't too short and wash really well . 
Already have the long pair and loved so much that ordered the shorts for summer . 
The pockets are great for phone and keys . 
5 ' 3 " and 120 lbs , the medium fit great , not too big ( do not like tight fitting ) . 
Fit great , wash up nicely and are very comfortable . 
These fit perfectly , just the right length , good quality fabric ... just what I needed and wanted . 
Thankfully , Amazon come through again . 
I ordered a size medium and they fit perfectly . 
So comfortable , great fit , perfect pockets , and I plan to order more pairs . 
Much better than the other Waterproof spray I bought.NO Odor ! , keeps garments dry . I use it on my Carthartt Jacket and it works perfectly.Gotta buy more . 
I have a skin disorder that causes sores and the silk is not irritating at all . 
They are true to size and a must for layering . 
The quality doesn't look great . 
Doesn't keep me that warm either . 
A cotton shirt might have been able to do the same job . 
It also snags easily so be careful with rings , etc . 
However , the feel of the fabric is wonderful , and I am still able to wear it under certain things . 
A little thinner than ones purchased for $ 20 more - but seem well made for the price - have not worn as yet - but will change rating if it does not wear or last well . 
I bought this as a replacement for a previous item by the same manufacturer that I could not find any longer . 
Nevertheless , it is still warm and thin , which I was looking for . 
See the review for the top . 
I own these in white too and love both ( as well as the shirt too ! ) 
We had a very cold winter this year and these really helped keep me warm without feeling bulky at all ! 
He loved them so much , on payday , he is ordering the same pair but in navy . 
He will love these sneakers . 
Great quality , nice color ( I like the bottom platform too , looks like cork ) , fits as expected , vegan . 
This is the second Carhartt jacket I have bought my husband . 
He loves them because they come in tall & they are nice and roomy ! 
It's a Men's watch and although I am a woman , it looks good on my dainty wrist . 
Large face watches are still in and this looks really classic , simple and stylish enough for everyday . 
I had to adjust the band but that was nominal in price . 
The blue face is such a nice color and I think will look great in the summer too ! 
Can't say enough … it just a great watch , fashionable and a great price ! 
This one however is a bit on the small side , both the watch face and the wrist fit run small , so not intended for larger men . 
MY HUSBAND LOVES AND IS A BELIEVER IN TIMEX . 
This is a very nice watch that keeps good time . 
It's an attractive easy to read watch that's priced right . 
The Indiglo and date features are nice added bonuses . 
The band is almost perfect . 
At first it fit a little tighter than I liked , but I easily adjusted to the fit . 
The only thing I don't particularly like is the very large bright red " Timex " label on the band . 
Timex makes a great watch for people that abuse them . 
It has a very easy to read face and is just the perfect size . 
Looks sporty yet can still look right with business casual clothing . 
I love it . 
My last one still runs I just tore up the band due to using it at work . 
Highly recommend it . 
This has always been one of my favorite watches and it goes great with country boots , jeans and a tee shirt . 
Love it , love it , love it ! ! 
I've had more sophisticated and much more expensive watches , but this one suits my simple needs . 
It's easier to gauge time in 5 minute or even 20 minute intervals , unlike how a digital watch works . 
I tend to scratch the crystal and I rub off most of the ring detail in that time . 
Then , I just buy a new one and change out the expandable wrist strap I prefer to the leather band that comes with it . 
No other watch works the same way - I like this one ! 
He likes all the feature , backlight , timer , stop watch , alarm . 
The band is the best , it has a strap that goes under the watch that helps to keep the pressure off the pins . 
Her color is purple , and the watch is purple . 
Great little watch . 
My niece loved it and it will help her learn to tell time easily . 
Perfect for a 3-4 year old . 
One size does not fit most . 
They do nothing for the shape of my legs , but it's not worth the hassle to return them . 
Pants fit great and plenty of room for comfort . 
Long lasting and great excellent works pants for any job for any work environment 
Be careful that you know what size you wear for each different style before ordering . 
We knew ahead of time which style size we wanted , and amazon saved us the 60 mile drive to the nearest CalRanch to purchase these . 
Carhartts are the only pants I buy my husband . 
You can walk through a field of burrs and not feel them , and they are great in the snow . 
Highly recommended as long as you know your size , because EVERY STYLE IS DIFFERENT . 
Great pants , I own several pairs ! 
The only Carhartts still made in the USA ! I'm not in construction , I wear them as everyday pants . 
They hold up great , last for years . 
Husband has purchased these before ( not from Amazon ) , but says they fit fine . 
These were a gift for my husband . 
I have been wearing Carhartt for several years . 
I have worn the same size for years and up until recently there was little to no variation . 
I have seen variation's of at least an inch in inseam & waist . 
MY HUSBAND FARMS , WELDS , CLEARS FENCE LINES , CUTS TIMBER , ETC AND ALWAYS WEARS OUT OR RIPS THE DENIM JEANS DOWN THE THIGHS WHILE THE REST OF THE FABRIC LOOKS LIKE NEW . 
REAR POCKETS ARE TACKED ON SO TIGHT EVEN GETTING CAUGHT ON TREE BRANCHES AS HE'S RUNNING THE BACKHOE WONT TEAR THEM . 
This is a beautiful time piece from timex . 
It keeps very good time , and it is eleglance proves it . 
My girlfriend loves it and wears it to work everyday . 
My daughter picked out this watch herself and it is great . 
The Indiglo light allows here to read it at night . 
The band is easy to adjust , it's soft and pretty . 
This is a great and fun watch . 
Love the expandable , adjustable band and the fun second hand . 
Perfect for small children . 
I use it on a necklace that i rarely take off . 
I've always purchased jewelry silver polishing cloths at the jewelers , but this is an even better cloth than the ones I've bought in the past . 
Very reasonably priced , large size and excellent at cleaning and polishing silver ! 
I highly recommend this polishing cloth ! 
I am happy with the two step cloth system ; one to clean and the second to polish . 
this cloth is a wonderful and simple way to clean your sterling silver jewelry that has become tarnished from every day use or non-use . 
the cloth is both soft , sturdy and thick . 
a great cleaning tool ! 
The Keen Venice style is the most comfortable fit for someone with a B width foot . 
The shoes give good support and are very comfortable for long walks on surfaces that are not rocky and uneven . 
It's very comfortable and has that Keen style . 
If you have short toes this could be a great choice for you . 
Otherwise , the shoes seemed well made and comfortable and they easily accommodated my wide feet and narrow heels . 
My adorable free spirit daughter absolutely loves these shoes ! 
They are perfect for hiking , festivals or even a casual day around town . 
Her style must is comfort and all her cute little shorts and tees go great with them ... and if it even matters , her feet look teensy ! 
I am glad Amazon allows returns on these shoes . 
I have a pair of 8.5 Keen leather shoes that I like very much so that is my usual size . 
The size 9 in these sandals fits me better than the 8.5 in this style sandal . 
I measured the 9 sandal against my 8.5 leather Keen and they are the same length and width . 
The foot bed on the sandal seems to provide some arch support and I love the nice wide toe box . 
It also has a little give to it so it does not feel hard under my foot . 
My toenails are not my best feature . 
Her foot was injured when her horse stepped on it ( she was wearing riding boots at the time , not sandals obviously ) and she told me these Keen sandals are the most comfortable shoes she has ever worn even with the residual pain and damage to her foot . 
I love my Keen leather shoes so I expect these sandals to become favorites as well . 
Keen brand shoes are so comfortable you can forget that you are even wearing shoes and that is how shoes should feel , completely comfortable . 
I love Keens and I am grateful that Amazon will allow me to purchase two sizes and return the size that did not fit as well . 
Gotta love that ! 
This is my 10th pair of Keen Venice sandals . 
They are perfect walking shoes for me . 
I am so happy to get a great red pair again , I left my old red ones in Spain , and have wanted a pair since . 
Comfort ! 
Wear them for all day outings , or short runs here and there , perfect fit and sizing is in sync . 
They're amazing . 
This is a shoe for travel , I read other reviews and decided it was what I needed for a visit to Easter Island.Sand , water , rocks , hiking , slick rocks and such , heat , comfort . 
I took them on to Thailand and even in the city they were great . 
I love these shoes . 
They are so comfortable . 
Highly recommend ! 
They fit perfectly . 
They are so comfortable . 
But overall , tough and will hold up to working conditions like not other ! 
It fits a bit larger , also , than my other Carharrt . 
They have gotten less bulky , but still just as warm ! 
True to size . 
This is not the typical material I was used to with a carhartt jacket . 
My husband had one in the past and the fabric was totally different and it was thicker . 
Luckily , the seller was awesome and took it back since it was a different style so kudos there ! 
I got this for my husband who is a flatbed truck driver . 
He was complaining about being cold and not having a coat because most are just too bulky for what he has to do . 
I thought that this would be a happy medium between a lightweight jacket and a heavy coat . 
He says that it keeps him relatively warm on chilly days and on the really cold days he just layers it with his fleece jacket and stays relatively comfortable . 
He believes it should be durable to hold up to the rigors of his job as well which is nice , considering how much clothing he has torn up working . 
Jacket was perfect - exactly what he wanted . 
Not too heavy , but not too lightweight . 
The price was right , too ! 
Well , it arrived just in time for the severe below zero weather . 
This jacket is everything it claims to be - keeps him warm in below freezing weather , looks sharp , has the inside pockets which are a must for my husband . 
Highly recommend . 
This is the best Jacket i have ever owned . 
when it say Arctic quilt it is true , the jacket keeps you so warm it is crazy . 
i uses it for atv ridding and outdoor work . 
this winter in NY has been rough this is the only jacket i have wore , with a tee shirt . 
Love the hood acutely fits my head . 
The size is perfect i am 6 ' 2 295 and i am happy with the size i got . 
With this jacket Im a large , I think I could of maybe got a medium even . 
This jacket is very warm and makes a good winter work jacket for me here in connecticut . 
This is NOT a light spring or fall jacket . 
The hood is insulated so its very warm . 
You do not need any kind of winter hat when wearing this jacket with the hood up . 
Im not sure if all the zippers are like this or just mine . 
Every time I look at Carhartt reviews , there are reviews on multiple items lumped together . 
So , I bought these as a Christmas presant for my HUsband , who works outside . 
The other day , it was 6 degrees outside , and windy as hell . 
He was warm enough to keep working . 
Kept me warm and dry during two weeks of outdoor work in Quebec last year . 
Keep in mind they are sized a bit large to fit extra layers underneath ! 
And the slide lock on them is awesome and unlike snaps has 0 chance of coming undone without your help.Bib so if you make any overhead reaching motions and your jacket slides up you still have the bib to protect you from the cold.Deep pockets large enough to accommodate gloves.Run a little large so you have room to wear a shirt , under shirt , and hoodie easily and still have room to zip them up.Cons : I can only think of one and that is that they don't have any kind of belt feature around your ankles . 
If you could fasten these up around boots it would 100 % prevent any chance of snow getting in your boots and they would be perfect . 
It fits tight in the mid section . 
He likes it okay as far as quality and warmth . 
In fact , for doing outdoorsy things such as shoveling snow , it may be too warm . 
I love . 
shipping was flawless ... just an overall great experience . 
Dickies pants have varying cuts so be careful when ordering . 
Otherwise , very nice original Dickies . 
I have bought 40X30 pants before that were perfect fits . 
Ironically I bought a pair of levi's same size and they fit perfectly . 
I am not sure what to do with these . 
Got these for work ( Work as a Paramedic ) , so these do its job by being somewhat water-proof , good fit , and durable . 
Depending on what you want of a work pant , this gets the job done , but just not that great of quality and will probably be thrown away after some use in a year or so . 
I looked everywhere for this size and color for my husband as pants for his work uniform . 
The color is a deep chocolate brown , the fit is great . 
The quality is great . 
The Dickies label on pants stand for quality and the pants I just received are just that . 
Dickies consistent fit and quality are always something I can count on . 
The Amazon pricing is always the best also . 
I love these for work . 
Not the best pants in the world but these are Dickies . 
Wash them a few times before wearing to lessen the " swish " sound they make as you walk and loosen them up a bit.Like the header says , standard . 
Color . 
These always fit great ... these are the original Dickies 874 ' s.They wash well , and don't shrink.Awesome that they come in so many different lengths / waist size combinations . 
Great selection of color.Solid work pants for outdoor road construction . 
and they look good off the job to . 
Great quality . 
Rugged enough for work or comfortable enough for play . 
These pants are a perfect fit . I traded them for 34x30 . 
The best brand for working pants I have ever bought . 
Came on time , nicely packaged and perfect . 
we ordered those pants because finding the size 31x34 is not that easy and Dickies had it ; however , the fit was great - those fit my husband perfectly however , they looked and felt really like plastic and thus we had to return . 
Perfect work pants . 
Highly recommend Dickies 874 to all my friends . 
They clean easily . 
Fit was nearly perfect . 
They are comfortable for my husband . 
I work in Food Service business and have to wear black pants at work all day long . 
The pants fit perfectly and they are of good quality for their price . 
It is not the highest quality as it is too warm in the sometimes but they are really good pants if you need something cheap and of good quality . 
Now I build and manage servers and work in an office where it's business casual . 
These are still my go to pants . 
These will always be my go to pants for work and I suggest them for anyone looking for a pair of high quality pants . 
Bought these for my son for school . 
Excellent quality , very durable . 
this is warm and very attractive . 
I prefer sooth top to lace . 
Love the look of these . 
It was along the toe seam so I just used clear nail polish to stick them together but they're soft and comfortable and the top isn't too tight they work great with my garter belt . 
Don't have to struggle pulling them up and down if I need to use the ladies room . I get the larger size and I wear a size 6 . 
Don't try to fit into smaller sizes because you're proud , these are just fine . 
Im a lil above average ... 5 ' 8 , 190 pounds with NOT toned legs lol . 
They tops do not roll down , or squeeze the fat up over them . 
Also , I absolutely know my bra size and ordered this in my correct size and it was WAY small . 
I ordered a size larger than I ever wear on both band size and cup size and it was still too small . 
This was not supportive so I might as well not be wearing any bra at all and be comfy.Leading Lady ... get with the program . 
THIS BRA DID NOT FIT MY BIG BOOBS . 
I ordered one and it was so of small then reordered in a larger size and then ordered 2 more total of 4 not costly and very comfortable . 
It is comfortable , BUT , it seems like it's a little smaller than what I am used for for a 44 . 
It seems like it will roll up , either on the sides or back . 
Be careful if you have rings on and you are putting this on . 
I don't see how because there's nothing sharp or sticking out on my ring . 
This was so small that I could not wear it at all . 
This was definitely not a comfortable bra . 
This is a pretty bra , nice wide shoulder straps and hooks in the front . 
She says that they give your bust a nice lift , which was unexpected because this isn't an underwire bra . 
Easy on , easy off . 
I had to return all of them , which was a pity because they were cute ... just clearly not sized correctly . 
This bra is very comfortable . 
Very comfortable , and fits great . 
For the most part it's quite comfortable . 
The band is a little snug-feeling by the end of the day - but that's why I opted for a front closure ( and can reasonably unhook the bottom 1 or 2 hooks ) . Hopefully some ladies agree with me : the bra I put on in the morning ( comfy ) is not the one I take off at night ( band is too snug ) . 
I look the array of colors it came in too . 
Although the cup size is right , the length of the shoulder straps causes binding in the armpit area . 
Wonderful breathable fabric . 
Otherwise comfortable.Update : The hooks at the center , lowest one rubs the skin , not enough fabric backing . 
So if purchasing a size 34 EFG then go for 36 EFG for sleeping comfort . 
This one is the best I've experienced so far . 
The front hooks are a bit cumbersome but I believe that's what makes it as stabilizing as it is ... plus it's been nice to be able to undo the bottom few hooks to make it more comfortable for me . 
My surgeon recommended that I wear sports bras 24/7 after surgery . 
I tried a number of bras pre-surgery , but this one and one by AMOENA were by far the best fitting and most comfortable . 
I'm wearing them 2 at a time for better support , and have been comfortable enough to order two more to keep me going while the others are in the laundry . 
The fit is a bit on the large size , mostly because the bra is stretchy . 
The front hooks have made getting into and out of this bra easy enough for me to manage without help . 
All in all , I've been very happy . 
This bra design is smart , comfortable and fit well . 
Best bra I have owned yet . 
I have worn their bras for many years . 
Spending more money for bras is one of the best places to indulge because this is something most women wear most of their lives . 
Wacoal bras are made beautifully . 
They have great staying power and look great under clothing . 
That is why they have larger back straps and more hooks for larger busted women . 
I can depend on the fact that if I get my size and style , I will happy with the fit . 
Wacoal is wonderful ! 
It is a very comfortable bra . 
I love this bra ... It is hard to find a D or DD that looks sexy , gives good support and nipple coverage without the dreaded padding ! 
If your curvy and want the look of the sexy bra with all the support and no thick padding , this is one good T-Back Bra ! 
I have many other Wacoal bras and I always wear a 38DD no exceptions . 
The cup size was fine but the band was far too small . 
Not cool ! 
These briefs are comfortable and breathable . 
Have a vintage style and look to them . 
Sometimes skimpy panties are the way to go , and other times a classic look is what you're going for . 
These feel great next to my skin . 
These underwear are very comfortable , do not ride up and wick away sweat so they are beneficial for daily living as well as working out . 
Realistically these are not exciting panties . 
This is for when you have to live your real life and need something comfortable that doesn't end up wedged between your butt cheeks . 
Jockey are my all time favorite brief , wish they had them in more colors and love the softness and the fit of these briefs and love that they are no lined 
If that is what you are expecting , they are probably fine , but not for me . 
Very comfortable and a great buy . 
My new panties are so soft and comfortable . 
But my Jockey's are great . 
Lots of give so no binding when you twist or stretch , look sleek beneath pants , you have to check you remembered to put them on . 
Thanks , 
Nice and silky and very comfortable . 
Thanks Jockey ! 
I am between a C and D cup but this looks marvelous with a tee shirt and does not pinch or cut . I wish Bali would make a c + or D - cup . 
Also , the cups are very strange . 
I was almost coming out if the sides because the cups extend out extremely narrow . 
Resembled a balloon that wasn't blown up entirely . 
I have always wear Bali bras , however my first purchase form amazon . 
Great lift , See thru , fits OK , straps NOT elastic so if you move much they tend to go off the shoulder , cups a bit large compared to my other bali bras while around chest / back is just a bit smaller . 
Comfy and smooth everywhere except where cup wire terminates under the armpit - scratchy there after an hour or so - which means I wore it and can not return . 
It's well made , it's sized accurately & it was affordable . 
This pretty , soft , lacy bra is also very supportive and uplifting . 
It provides full coverage , and the fabric is fine enough to wear under a tee shirt . 
A sheer underlining helps with shaping and smoothing . 
The strap adjusters are in the front , where they belong ! 
The straps are not too stretchy , thank you Bali . 
Great bra , fits perfectly and gives good support 
This one's perfect ! 
This has been one of my favorite bras and was happy to be able to find in the size I wanted on Amazon . 
Bought this on a whim , and I absolutely love it ! 
For larger sizes , it's not super supportive , but still gets the job done . 
Really attractive but somehow still kind of modest . 
No lines or pointy boobs ! Pros : - Sizing seems accurate ( I wear 40D in Victorias Secret , same here ) - full coverage without lines or pointy boobs - kind of sexy but kind of modest at the same time - washes well - no color run - thinner , but the lace is thick enough to prevent any major nip issues ( still wouldn't wear with super thin tops though ) Cons - very light support for the larger sizes ( I'd widen the strap ! ) 
I think it may be mistagged.it is beautiful though and if it were the right size I think if would feel good . 
Also hate the padded & molded bra cups so was also pleased to find a great assortment of unpadded bras on amazon ! ! 
They are the perfect fit . 
The color and feel and fit of this pantie is wonderful . 
I wish these came in more beautiful colors like this one . 
As expected from Vanity Fair , good quality , well fitting briefs . 
These briefs have no fancy tailoring , no uncomfortable sexy cut . 
I find of what is out threr you can't beat the quality of their products , 
I have always purchased underwear from JCP in the past but these are perfect . 
At 5 ft 4 inches and 180 pounds , the size 9 is just right . 
Give these a try if you want cool cotton comfort . 
these are well made but they do shrink a lot when washed so buy a size larger thanusual otherwise the leg openings will not be comfortable . 
These are ugly panties , but they are real comfortable and seem to have washed well . 
The size seem true to size , and they do not ride up . 
They used to make Carter's Spanky pants for women . 
The elastic always hurts for folks with desk jobs . 
I love that these are all cotton and the nicely " padded " or I should probably say just a little thicker leg band is great for summer on any times sweaing is an issue . 
As suggested by other people , this bra DOES run small in the number and a bit more spacious in the cup size than the average bra . 
In my experience , it is rare to find a sports bra that doesn't create a breast shelf on larger cup-size women . 
This bra actually creates separation while providing appropriate lift ( doesn't create cone breasts for me ) . 
It's very comfortable as well . 
As for support , I'd rate it as an 8 on a 10 - point scale which is fine because , for me , a bra that rates a 10 out of 10 for larger busted women has to be so tight and constrictive that it just isn't comfortable . 
One reason that this bra does provide very good support is that it is high cut enough to keep the breasts in place while moving around . 
Regarding fit , I initially ordered one cup size larger than my usual size since my past experience with sports bras was that they ran a bit small . 
I found this not true for this style bra , so I returned it and ordered my usual size which is just right . 
This is a beautiful , well-fitting bra . 
I love the fit & feel of it . 
A style bra by Playtex I have worn for several years is not made in the band size I need now so I'm searching for another . 
If I ordered the cup size I get when I measure myself by the way to measure for a bra , I would be ordering an even larger cup.This bra was okay other than being too large in the cup . 
I find these bras to be very comfortable with nice support . 
The straps stay in place and the back doesn't ride up on me . 
Love love the color ... 
I was not expecting to buy a bra online that would actually fit and be comfortable . 
I'm a 42D , and that's the size I ordered - it fits perfectly and is much more comfortable than it looks . 
Good fit , good color and comfortable . 
I love the feel of this bra and the color ! ! ! 
I think that this bra was an excellent price on AMazon . 
It fits perfect and I have washed it several times since I purchased it because I like to wear it alot . 
I wasn't happy that some of these are prime and some aren't but they did arrive on time and are what I ordered . 
These are the most comfortable bras and come true to size . 
I've been wearing this bra for years , and cannot find it in any stores . 
Thankfully Amazon has it , and I love it . 
It fits perfect . 
Great comfort and look without the wire ! 
The fit is excellent . 
Great support ! 
I have very small shoulders , and a lot of times I have to adjust my straps multiple times an hour because they slip down , but not these . 
I loved the lace top but they ripped so easily I did not get to wear them more than once . 
If you have any bit of rough skin or a small callus on your foot , forget these , they are one use only stockingings . 
I had no trouble keeping the tops up without them trying to roll down 
My boyfriend hasn't closed his mouth yet ... 
As far as durability , they seem to be too fragile for everyday wear ( Just get a pair of average pantyhose for that ) , but they are great for bedroom wear and special date nights . 5 . 
These will eventually fall down if you're doing gymnastics ( I did a cartwheel test , and they slipped slightly with each move ) but they have an exceptional grip that will stand up to walking around and minor rough-housing . 7 . 
They're worth every bit of $ 15 and I got them for 9 ! Hopefully this helps ! 
I love love love these . 
I love them in the nude color . 
I love the color of the jet black . 
It fits nicely and doesn't sag . 
these are ok if you have to wear pantyhose , but they are not as comfortable as no-nonsense non-control top pantyhose 
my non control top pantyhose with sheer toe nylons are very sheer and pretty pantyhose , im an older woman who wears pantyhose and nylons everyday , non control top pantyhose are the same as sheer to waist pantyhose , so if i want a sheer pantyhose look on my legs my non control top pantyhose are wonderful . 
i wear these pantyhose in the sheer toes as well . 
Hard to pick the color online ! 
I ordered Barely There hoping it would blend with my skin tone . 
It was way too brown . 
I have a light complexion , I wear the lightest shades for foundation . 
I want something true sheer without color . 
Perhaps I was not careful enough . 
I noticed that on a second wearing , these hose really soften up , and feel really wonderful on my legs . 
I can easily wear them all day with no problems . 
but i am really liking my hanes pantyhose and nylons , theyre very sheer pantyhose for a sexy look but very durable pantyhose that hold up to my daily pantyhose wear , i wear high heels and pantyhose to work everyday and high heels can wear my pantyhose down , so i prefer reinforced toes pantyhose and hanes pantyhose has lots of reinforced toe pantyhose to choose from , i like sheer toe pantyhose but they run more . 
i find it hard , very hard , in the morning to pick my favorite pantyhose to pull up , i have so many different kinds of pantyhose and nylons , but hanes sheer pantyhose are one of my new favorites 
This is a true A / B so it fits without a bunch of sagging or gathering , and the color is a perfect match for my skin tone . 
Highly recommended . 
The Good : I love these socks . 
The warmth is fantastic and they feel comfortable with all types of shoes.The Bad : They are thick , but this is probably why you bought them anyway . 
Just be aware that you may have tight shoes start to fit strangely because of that thickness . 
My husband was going through socks in a day or two . 
These are still without a hole after a month 
These were towards the top of the list . 
Be aware they are pretty thick , so if your shoes are tight you may have issues . 
I love to see improvements like this from any company . 
The quality is truly excellent so far ( we'll see how they age ) . 
Socks that are warm but still breath . 
They cost a lot , but give a lot back . 
Regardless of outside temperatures they are comfortable and dry . 
Most are medium and they fit my 9.5 OK , but these large do fit better . 
Regardless of the size , the socks are good friends in cool weather . 
There's a lot of good support along the length of the foot and the extra stitching at the heel is very comfortable as well . 
Medium thickness . 
They are very comfortable due to thickness , but that's not what I want in a trail sock . 
Always recommend especially when you get a good deal . 
These are for my husband . 
Also , the pair I got fits tighter than the Levi's 559 jeans I bought at the same time , and tighter than other 32x32s I now wear . 
Color is good , and the cut is what I like , but would not buy again . 
I usually wear 501 ' s or 517s ' . 501 ' s since a teenager , and 517 ' s are great motorcycle pants , because they fit over the boots just enough to look great . I got 505 ' s out of curiosity . I have been doing lots of AB , and glute work , ( stomach and leg presses ) and 501 ' s sit lower , and are baggy in certain areas . 517 ' s are great bike gear , but ride higher up on the hips . 
33x32 , and 32x32 . I was a 35 waist.the material in 505 ' s are different than 501 , and 517.while 501 and 517 ' s are more a traditional thicker ' jean material ' , the 505 ' s are not.while the sewing looks like a 501 , but has a zipper like a 517 , its a lighter and more stretchy material.the 33 ' s fit good , but the 32 ' s are allmost too tight right now . 
if these were 501 ' s and they fit that tight , forget it , their would be major pain in the groin area ! hahahaguess I'll just wear the 33x32 ' s until I can burn off a little more tummy to fit into these 32 ' s . 505 ' s are a great pair of Levis ! 
Just perfect . 
They fit amazing and i don't even need ti wear a belt . 
Excellent . 
Levi's 505 jeans have been my go-to work pants for about the past 20 years . 
As always this jeans delivered . 
Good quality for a nice price 
these are jeans to replace my other one that finally got worn out after 3 years of service . 
I've bought a lot of Levi's 505 from Amazon within the last two years . 
These don't scream dorky but if you look closely that's what they whisper . 
I bought them for my husband who is 40 and they look a little old for him - and we're not really young . 
Fine if you are looking for something basic but not stylish . 
The Seller is terrific ordered and it shipped and received in BETTER than a timely fashion ! ! 
Now.the jeans although feel and fit very nice , still do not feel like they use to back in the good ole days of 505 and 501 Levis ! ! 
This does not mean that I do not like the feel and comfort , they do feel very good and fit very nicely , I certainly will purchase another couple of pairs of these in the future especially from this seller ! ! 
But this is the world today ! 
Thanks 
Although through out the years , Levis have stopped making them in USA , the offshore jeans are still pretty good . 
I give credit to Levis for sourcing their jeans all over the world , and yet are able to ensure the quality of its product . 
The current straight fit still fits me fine . 
They washed fine , but the material is definitely thinner than standard Levi's . 
Inseam is 78-80 CM ( 30.5- 31.5 INCHES ) and the waist is 84CM ( 33INCHES ) So I choose 33 * 32.33 inches fits me well and 32inches feel a little longer , ( 1inch longer ) , but it doesn't matter since it can be rolled up a little and still looks wonderful . I will reduce weight and try to fit 32 * 32 or 31 * 32 one year later . 
Love the quality of levis jeans and its very comfortable ! 
They are also of great value as compared to retails outlet ! 
I'm happy with my levi's pant 
These jeans look great and fit well . 
These are kind of a faded black color . 
It fit perfect . 
I've been wearing Levi 501s for over 25 years . 
Actually I think the zipper may help increase the life of my jeans . 
Color was what was shown also . 
Levi's Men's 505 Regular Fit Jean , Fume : I've ordered several colors in this pant - the Fume color is quite rough and does not wear comfortably . 
Other colors are great . 
Seat is usually way too tight or too baggy ( as is the fit ) , inseam is always way too long . 
For years I have worn Levi jeans . 
They always fit , and they last for a long time of wear and tear . 
My husband is a Levi's guy and these dark stonewash are modern without being trendy . 
I also love that I can get these in 29 inch length which you can't find in most stores . 
Very happy with these . 
Not much more to say , fit great and look great as always . 
I love the wash and the fit on these jeans . 
I look at Tru Religion , Seven , etc . 
all the swanky brands at Nordstroms . I liked these jeans better than the higher end brands.The fit is perfect , they look like they will last a long time and they are not that pricey to boot . 
After like Levi's Men's 505 Regular Fit Jean inexpensive and practical way to wear beautiful workmanship is very good looks thinner 
my hubby is very sexy in this jean . 
the color is great and he said it is comfy to move around . 
My son looks great in these and they will last the school year ! 
Well worth it ! 
I cannot recall ever wearing a pair out . 
I am keeping the old bigger ones just in case , but I hope I keep my narrower waist . 
The others are way too tight or way too big . 
The 36 34s fit me perfectly . 
Have used this wacoal bra for years . 
The bra provides full figured support . 
The bra is smooth and attractive under t shirts . 
The underwire is comfortable , not poking into my sides . 
I agree with all the reviews that say the band on this bra runs small . 
For comparison's sake , I am usually a 38 band and I have the Champion 1602 that is a 38ddd . 
I measured it against this bra and it was the same length as the 44 ! 
To me that's a huge difference . 
This garment is made with great quality . 
I hear the customer service is Excellent which is very important and most people say these undergarments are Better than Spanx ! 
I don't know if I should have done that or not so I have a Black Medium . 
This waist cincher is perfect to accentuate an hourglass shape . 
The inner-contour bands in the middle help create a fierce silhouette . 
I regularly wear steel-boned corsets , and find this to be a great summer alternative . 
For comfort , I suggest wearing a corset liner underneath if you wear for an extended period of time . 
Pair with a bullet bra for an extreme look that is bound to turn heads . 
Or , if you want to cut back on your food portions . 
It really works well . 
Start from the top when hooking together . 
It makes my waist look tiny and smooths my little muffin top , helps make tummy look flatter . 
I have bought several different kinds but this one is the only one I continue to use . 
I am 5 ' 2 , 120 , I use to be 100-110 , but this still fits good . 
The color is good for my fair skin and light clothing . 
I bought a 34F and it gives me great lift and shape . 
Very comfortable to wear and straps are wide enough not to dig in . 
The bra was the right size according to the help I rec'd from sizing chart . 
As perviously mentioned in a comment , I did not find the seams to show through t-shirts . 
The back strap is wider than usual so that is nice . 
Quality is good . 
always as good fit and sexy on - made for large busts . 
been ordering it for years and always happy . 
Decent inner lining . 
The distressed leather is beautiful and it surprisingly has a lot of room ! 
Love love love ! 
This bra was a good price and fits perfectly . 
It is very comfortable and I use them for long work days when I need something comfortable . 
They are great under a T-shirt . 
I bought one in every color . 
No funny bumps or bulges under shirts , no itchy fabric , no fluff and puff pads , just very natural and beautiful . 
I love this bra and ordered a few of them because finding a bra that fits is like heaven . 
This bra not only looks nice , it fits perfectly and looks great under tee shirts and other sheer cotton shirts / tops . 
This is a perfect year round bra to wear under all your wardrobe tops / dresses . 
This bra stays in place and is comfortable for our hot humid summer days in the south . 
I highly recommend this for purchase . 
Just a really comfortable bra and the color is great because it doesn't show through anything . I wash it in the washer in a lingerie bag and hang it to dry and it still has held its shape and size after months of wear . 
Shoulder straps don't fall off my tiny shoulders like a lot of bras do , which I realllly appreciate . 
And when I change the length part , it doesn't move from that spot while I'm wearing it.There ' s nothing particularly fancy about this bra , but when I wear this bra , I forget that I'm wearing it - it's that comfortable . 
Plus , I'm a 34a , so I appreciate the lift and padding help ! 
I've been wearing the t-shirt bra by maiden form for years . 
It provides just the right amount of support without the heavy padding that many push up bras have . 
The picture is nice and presents a pretty bra . 
Always have liked this bra : Great to be able to buy on-line and have delivered . 
No seams perfect for smooth contour . 
Comfortable , true to size . 
Comfortable and fit was on point . 
It fits perfectly , light-weight and you don't really know you're wearing it . 
The latest purchase was the white which is somewhat smaller in cut than others . 
Love these pants . 
We've looked everywhere for pants that fit my husband and these are wonderful . 
Combined with boots , these are nice for the winter weather . 
I am 6 ' 6 " and love them . 
Fit perfect until I started body building . 
Quads no longer fit , but for the average non-lifitn human that walks this Earth they are the best jeans out there . 
As usual they are bigger in the waist than Wrangler's . 
Over , happy with what I got . 
I'll never do it again . 
The soles are removable in these shoes , which real K Swiss does not do . 
They don't soften up , and now because they were worn to find all of this out , I doubt I can return them . 
Really like the fit and it is easy to wear for work or shopping I always haveike K Swiss thanks 
I love them . 
I like them and they look great with scrubs . 
I said it fit's somewhat small - after it was washed and dried it was only slightly on the very verge of being small . 
Shirt fits good , no fading or wear , brand new . 
Great quality shirt at a great price . 
I bought a small and managed to squeeze into it . 
The way it closes in the middle forces everything to be smooshed towards the middle . 
This is not delicate on your skin so I wouldn't recommend it post tummy tuck . 
I bought this cincher to wear under a dress in an upcoming wedding I'm attending . 
I estimated the size I needed , and ordered a Large . 
It flattened my belly and pulled in my sides over my hips ! ! 
I'm so happy with the results ! ! 
It is not overly tight and sits well on my body . 
I ordered a Medium and I am 5 ' 3 " and weigh 124lbs with a bit of a mommy tummy . 
I also liked how discrete it is under my shirts . 
The only issue that I have is that you can definitely see the boning and snaps under anything that's not too thick ( i . e . 
This size certainly provides some shaping and support - but not to the extent I'd predicted based on reviews . 
The cincher does pull in my waist about a half inch , and it help make me more conscious of my waistline ( which helps remind me not to snack ! ! ) . 
As other reviewers have indicated , the bottom of the cincher irritates my skin , even when worn over tights or hose . 
I wish this came in different sizes , because as a petite lady they are way too long and a bit baggy . 
Instead they go to the very top of my thighs and then there is still some slack . 
I love these thigh High's . 
My husband loves them also . 
I'm 5 ' 2 " and always have problems with thigh highs . 
but they feel okay and have a nice natural color to them . 
The look great with some other lingerie that she bought . 
No issues . 
I was afraid they wouldn't stay up on my legs , but to be quiet honest they held up great . 
There is a small elastic band made into the top which grips on to your skin . 
Take care of them and be easy , they'll last longer.There is no " foot " in them , so you don't have to worry about the size not fitting you right . 
I have large thighs and these were amazing . 
These are my favorite pair of thigh highs by far . 
I even bought some at Fredricks as a back up and these were the absolute best . 
I LOVE these tights . 
They are sexy and fit beautifully . 
She likes it , and my goodness does she look great in it . 
These are simple the best . 
Super comfortable and they don't ride up or show through your pants . 
very beautiful watch , simple and sleek . 
The bra is wonderful . 
Quality is great and it's very well constructed . 
That being said , it is a little scratchy and I had to return it because it does not work for my full on bottom breasts . 
There was a lot of wrinkling and gapping at the top . I ordered Cleo Lucy 32G instead and the cups are perfect . 
It provides good support but it pokes me in the armpits every time I bend over to pick something up ( which I do all day long since I have small children at home . 
This bra is extremely comfortable , affordable and pretty too ! 
I ordered two other bras at the same time ( same size but a different brand ) and those fit great . 
I " gravitate " to full coverage ( 34G ) and they are all wonderful . 
Since it is a balconette , I do not wear it when I am babysitting because the leaning over and up does cause some jostling and minimal muffin top . 
I have been professionally sized but this bra did not fit me it was too big . 
I am happy overall 
The band on this bra was perfect , but the seaming on the cups didn't fit quite right . 
This is a very nice bra and provides great support , but the shape does not work for my body . 
I have wide rooted breasts that start at my underarms . 
It was perfect . 
I was able to wash it several times , it held up . I was so glad I ordered 2 . 
SHE SAYS THAT THIS IS THE BEST BRA EVER . 
SHE SAYS ITS VERY COOL & LIGHT AND SHE CAN SLEEP WITH IT WITHOUT HURTING HER . 
SHE SAYS SHE DOSENT FEEL LIKE ITS SQUEEZING HER , AND THAT SHE JUST PULLS DOWN THE PART FOR EASY ACCESS TO FEED THE BABY . 
SO I AM ORDERING 4 MORE FROM THIS SELLER 2 IN BLK & 2 IN WHITE . 
SHE CAN'T WAIT TO WEAR THESE AS WELL , SHE ENDED UP THROWING THE OTHERS AWAY BECAUSE SHE WAS SOLD ON THESE . 
ALSO , THANKS TO ALL OF YOU WHO WROTE GREAT REVIEWS ABOUT THIS BRA , BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT HELPED ME BUY THESE FOR MY DAUGHTER . 
ALSO , LETS GIVE A BIG HAND TO THIS SELLER FOR FAST SERVICE , AND HAVING PLENTY IN STOCK FOR COLOR AND SIZES , ITS HARD TO FIND THESE DAYS WHAT YOU WANT IN APPAREL BECAUSE OF DISCONTINUATIONS . 
Love Natalie bras . 
Shipped fastCotton fabric breathes well and is comfortable . 
The straps are not very adjustable . 
I hate my boobs touching each other when I'm exercising , or really any time . 
I have some nice regular bras that do the job , but no sports bras . 
I don't know if going up to a 34 DD would give me the fit I want or not . 
I have worn Reef's for many years . 
These sandals envelope my foot and embed it far enough that it gives great support . 
They are not too light and therefore are more durable . 
While I only wear these indoors as a house slipper , I am sure they would be comfortable walking over most road surfaces , including gravel . 
I highly recommend these sandals . 
I have several sandals from Reef and they are well made , comfortable and nice looking . 
I will probalby by more in different colors and styles . 
These slippers are very comfortable of good quality , I bought these for my mother and she loves them . 
I plan on getting myself a pair also . 
They fit true to size and the slight splash of color on the inside compliments the slipper . 
Great shoes for ( m ) to ( d ) shoe widths . 
Love this color . 
However in hot & humid weather , my foot sweats in this due to the enclosure around the front . 
I got this for my husband . 
He enjoyed them a lot . 
Not too many size 17 sandals out there - and cool , functional ones at that . 
Thank you to my keen overlords for keeping the well endowed in mind . 
I've ordered size 12 and the size has been spot on , until now . 
We just love how they fit and look with everything . 
I love Keen products in general . 
Everything they make is the best of class IMHO . 
Ended up being just a bit too snug . 
Needless to say , I ended up swapping it out FOR an 11 and LOVE THEM ! 
Be careful of size differences ! 
I bought these for my husband for Father's Day . 
I noticed he was in need of new sandals for the summer . 
He's never had a pair of Keen sandals but after reading the rave reviews , I decided to take a chance and buy them for him . 
He's been wearing them daily ever since . 
the nylon straps took a long time to dry which I thought was treated to resist water , but it didn't ... it is however a durable sandal on hikes and ATVing and on a boat , trekking through sand and mud , but the sandal attracts and retains mud , sand and water ... 
Sandals are good quality and comfortable . 
It should take into account the sizeThe quality of service was very good and smoothA . 
Good looking , sturdy , comfortable . 
Variety of storage space.Wallet is durable and resistant to contamination.Enjoy the natural use of the Navy to buy Kipling.This wallet also recommended as a gift at an affordable price . 
I love my wallet . 
the quality is good . 
Not terribly noticeable . 
My purchase of Jockey Women's No Panty Line Promise Tactel Hi Cut panties arrived today , they are a very pretty powder blue in color . 
The soft silky feeling of them against my skin was heavenly ! 
They do have a sort of wide , very soft 100 % cotton gusset , which is a very nice feature too , so not riding up your crotch . 
Being they are high cut is nice also . 
I was very pleased to notice there was absolutely no visible panty line showing through my leggings . 
I plan on buying more of them in different colors . 
I would recommend these to anyone , who like comfortable panties , as these surely feel most wonderful . 
I am very happy ! 
As they seem very delicate . 
Perfect fit very nice it keeps ypur tummy in and other balls in your body . 
This bag has been my everyday bag of 2014 . 
These also made the shoes last a LONG time when usually I burn through running shoes pretty fast because the support dies even though they still look great . 
I guess I must have overlooked that small detail . 
The face of the watch is bit larger than a quarter . 
The best part about the watch is that it is pretty much waterproof so I don't fear it breaking when I forget to take it off when I for instance wash the dishes . 
It is durable , the face can scratch easily but so far I have taken good care of it . 
This bra is also comfy and has a good amount of cushion for softness.The fit is very true . 
I am considering ordering another on just because it has taken me 40 years to find one that really works , I am worried it will disappear and I will not be able to get another one . 
Not sure about the quality because I don't wear it . 
Love this bra ! 
The fit is good , the color is perfect , the quality is great , but , the All-Star emblem is on the INSIDE ankle of each shoe . 
Dad , Mom , and grandparents checked for right shoe on the right foot . 
This pair of Chuck Taylor All-Star Hi - Top Kelly Green Canvas Shoes are DIFFERENT , but we will definitely keep them and our granddaughter cannot wait to wear them to school to show her Hi Fashion Friends . 
Absolutely ! 
i didnt think it will be too large and too longthe color not what shown in photowas more to green than brown 
It is comfortable and well made . 
- - highly recommend . 
I HAVE BEEN BUYING THESE SHIRTS FOR OVER 30 YEARS . 
THE SHIRT FIT WELL AND THE COLOR IS FINE . 
these are the best work shirts I have ever bought and look good enough when new to wear down town . 
Well I love Dickie's stuff , so I'm biased . 
Hey , their work clothes hold their shape without ironing , they are water resistant , stain resistant , don't tear easily , and are not expensive . 
I am not tall , and my arms aren't that long , but these sleeves were actually perfect for me . 
Love these shirts . 
They hold up great and resist pilling . 
i like the arm length tho some people complain on how short they are but you need to know these are not dress shirts they are WORK shirts so it makes sense to me that the sleeves are tad short . 
Length of sleeves are just nice , so are the shoulders . 
But boy does this * * * look big ! 
Good quality , great material . 
I gave this shirt 5 stars because my husband loves the quality of the shirt , washes up great ... . 
Too long and too wide . 
I bought this shirt so I could have something cool to wear when I perform at live shows . 
It's a great shirt for musicians and it's very comfortable . 
I've worn these shirts for decades and love them . 
They are nice and long plus I look way less fat in them . 
I wear this so often . 
XX , is a bit too long and the sleeves are also slightly too long but hey , over all it is a great work shirt and that is why I bought it not to make a fashion statement at work . 
I bought this for my husband to try for work . 
I love Dickies shirts . 
They're perfect for any occasion , for me anyway . 
Also appreciate the plus sizing . 
Thanks ! 
Not too dressy , not too casual , hold up great , don't fade and resist pilling . 
4 star because they are nice shirts and not 5 star because i couldnt exchange size . 
Got this and others for my Dad for his birthday . 
He loved them ! 
Great quality , double pockets , casual style . 
These are nice for wearing to work . 
Fits great . 
Just wrinkles very easy , and I hate ironing . 
Just an all around solid shirt from dickies that is pretty cheap . 
For me that's medium ( I'm 5 ' 11 and slightly overweight at 195 ) . Good luck . 
It's best to break your skin in slowly over time if you are like me and don't wear undershirts . 
I hope Amazon allows me to use that word . 
brought this for my husband who is 5 ' 10 and has a large chest and shoulders , he loved the way it fit ! 
My husband likes these but I very much don't . 
The edges at the open neck are only serged , not turned in . 
Not only does that look cheap , the rough edges are gathering pills from other fabrics in the laundry . 
The stitching of the button and the buttonhole that shows at the open neckline is cruddy , too . 
He bought four of these but I'd be happy never to see them again . 
bought these for my son ( more than once ) and he loves them , says they are true to size , comfortable , and are much better made than the ones he's bought at Walmart . 
Not sure if Walmart buys seconds , but these ones are the real deal ! 
Perfect fit , perfect length . 
Dickies also has name brand recognition which lends a cool vibe to the wearer . 
My son loves the comfort and durability of this product.Naturally , as his mother , I would like him to change it up a little bit , but he likes to wear his clothes into oblivion.Dickies are our compromise . 
purchased for my son who is required to wear this color . 
these pants were great for 2 times wearing them . 
i constantly had to keep tieing them and my pants still would fall down . 
They are very durable and fit great . 
Not carhart thick but definitely thicker than normal jeans . 
They're definitely not Stylish it's a pretty wide cut . 
My son actually outgrows these before wearing them out ! ! 
Some of us retired gray-beards in my neighborhood decided to form an " Old Codgers " club , and denim overalls are the approved uniform . 
There are pockets enough for phone , watch & chain , pocket knife , handkerchief , wallet , sunflower seeds , whatever the aspiring Codger needs during his day . 
My husband likes them really well . 
And they are a good fit and perfect length . 
Not sure if it will change after washing . 
Size wise OK on the waist , hips and thighs but too long . 
Design wise OK . 
Great for work , heavy duty construction , did not shrink in dryer , great " overall " buy ! 
Buckles over the shoulders were a bit loose , tweaked them with a pair of plyers and good as new ! 
These are thick denim.Made for working for sure . I got them for the look ; ladies love a man in overalls . 
He absolutely loved them . 
Durable , well constructed strong material . 
Both my hubby and son wear these bibs and despite messy , heavy work , these bibs hold up well and protect their skin from the elements whether it is the weather or the job ! 
This is a must for my men , and each year or so they get new ones . 
I just do not wear it that often as I prefer other jackets that I have . 
It seems to be made well and the stitching is solid . 
It was freakin huge on me . 
I gave it to my buddy who is 6 ' - 1 " 210 lbs and the medium fit him but was still a bit " roomy " . Cool jacket , well constructed , great price , insane sizing . 
Great light jacket for rain or shine , I wear it when its a cool and rainy day , such as today . 
Great job Dickies . 
ordered this for my husband and it was the best item that i bought for him to wear everyday use 
He does not use anything else now :) It fit great and he enjoys it 
Not sure what water it resists , but it doesn't resist water coming from the sky . 
Must stuff it back up the sleeve . 
My husband can not LIVE without these jeans ! 
They are true to size also . 
Thank you Carhartt for recognizing this.The B18 Trad-fit jean fits comfortably . 
They have the right amount of room in all the places one needs the right amount of room without the baggy-ness . 
Made of nice , sturdy denim with solid construction , these will hold up well on the work-site . 
And , if you're a casual social event type , their quality construction and good looks pair well with a shirt and sports coat.Nice jeans that can both work and play . 
This is some great jeanery . 
These are good strong jeans . 
Maybe in a bigger size though . 
I think this is the best jean I everwear . 
Everythingyou touch in this garment is quality.It feels strong but not rustic . I recommend it . 
So glad I found these and for a great price ! 
Sizing was spot on and for a change 30 " length is 30 " and not 29 or 28 . 
Great job ! 
These are great and comfortable work jeans . 
as every body knows you cant go wrong with carhartt jeans.they are durable and comfortable . 
I bought as a gift and was a hit . 
Fits well with extra inches round the buttock and thigh . 
Not comfortible for oldies like me . 
I ended up buying bigger or pleated . 
This one fits me well . 
That will be perfect . 
When I ordered these I also ordered two pairs of dickies jeans . 
My husband wears these works in these jeans . 
These are the only jeans that can hold up to the brutal treatment of putting up fences ! 
My order arrived in good time & packaged well . 
Otherwise Carhartt is the best ever . 
been wearing these shorts for years reccommend these shorts for big men who still work 
I bought these because of the quality of previous jeans I purchased for my husband . 
These arrived on time and with perfect packaging . 
The fit is perfect , even after several washings . 
So far , the color has not faded . 
I will buy these again because my husband loves the comfort and fit . 
They fit great , and are real long . 
Especially the tall sizes . 
These are really durable and comfortable . 
The long sleeves work well as a base layer when long johns are not needed . 
My husband loves , loves , loves , these shirts . 
This is the fourth one he has acquired . 
Carhartt and Riggs are the best t-shirts I've owned . 
Thick fabric , long wear , A POCKET - - HOW UNUSUAL , runs a little large , needs more colors . 
Most are heather and somewhat dark . 
this was a xmas present for my husband , he loves carhartt . 
The material is strong and washes well . 
A pocket on the t-shirt was nice to have as well . 
These shirts are warm in winter and serve as a layer of protection under my Carhartt long sleeve flannel shirts.If you understand how to layer clothes for warmth and comfort , these shirts complement the plaid shirt very well.Winter weather is no match for a good Carhartt combination . 
My husband wears a large in his Carhartt shirts but these are a bit big . 
I washed them and they came together nicely and fit perfectly now . 
I am very happy with how well they washed up also . 
I ordered a medium I'm 5 ' 6 140 lbs and this jacket is great ! 
Great , super comfy , full cut , easy to wash , air dries quick , comfy waist band , will be ordering more of the style 
Great fabric and feel . 
These are surprisingly a little too roomy . 
Considering I own all four styles and cuts from this brand and this are the most oddly sized . 
A little pricey but unlike some of the competing products these are not shear . 
lol keeps you cool tho 
They give , they breathe , they are snug but not uncomfortable . 
Both are now part of my regular fitness gear . 
Comfortable , durable , wicking , and easily washed ... best underwear out there IMO . 
He chose these because of the nice quality , fit , etc , but mostly because they dry fast ! ! ! 
Drying fast was the big deal here ... 
I have it and it looks perfect for me .. 
I also got the three piece packing cube set .. 
So , what they say about then washing easy and drying fast is true .. 
They too dried fast enough for my use , but still not as fast as the Give-N-Go . 
These are great , worth the money , these are all i buy now , hold up in the wash , dont stretch out or ride up , fit great , feel great and highly recommend . 
I have been very happy with this brand of shorts . 
They are comfortable and seem to wear very well . 
They don't provide any support , so you wouldn't want to wear them jogging , but for hiking they are great . 
I wear them to travel and they are very comfortable . 
They wash nicelyand fold up into a small space 
The first pair I bought him over 2 years ago got worn once each wash cycle since they are his favorites and are still holding up strong , so they are definitely worth the price . 
I expect these to hold up as well as the original pair . 
If you travel these are a must have . 
It is the only underwear I use now . 
They are awesome for the road . 
These are definitely some of the most comfortable boxers I've ever worn . 
That being said , I am not comfortable wearing these in a day-to-day capacity . 
For hiking and the like , these are great . 
But I've found they can move around and cause a little chaffing if I wear them during my desk job which is odd , but the truth . 
These also run quite a bit larger than other boxer briefs , my medium size is almost baggy . 
If I purchase another pair , I'll definitely be sizing down . 
My husband wasn't impressed and laughed when he found out price . 
They are very comfortable , light weight but also snug . 
I do not dry these in a dryer with heat after wash , I have found that they keep their color and newness longer that way . 
I recommend these boxer briefs above all othersThe company is great too , the seller replaced a missing pair that was never delivered to me or lost in the mail without any problems . 
So I highly recommend them . 
He's definitely not a world traveler , or a hiker or a mountain climber but he enjoys a comfortable pair of underpants and these fill the bill . 
Now you can believe me or not , but we've been married for a long time and when these arrived I had to explain what the " big deal " was about them . 
I told him they couldn't go into the dryer . 
Anyway , I chose black as the color . 
There is little to not support , and they feel sort of scratchy on my skin . 
I always know they are there.Underwear doesn't take that much space so when packing it isn't a problem to take a few extra , and honestly my Under Armour does not wash inferiorly . 
If you don't mind a baggier fit they're very comfortable and cool , and they wash and dry very quickly . 
Sometimes I'll wear these several days in a row until she makes me change them . 
The best word to describe these is " breezy " . 
Fits great , comfortable and soft . I'd never heard of ExOfficio as a brand before , but I'm not a big fan . 
But he did fall in love with the ExOfficio . 
The ExOfficio standard briefs are an excellent choice if you don't care about covering your thighs . 
I don't know what it is about the boxer brief , but it is definitely my favorite pair in the drawer . 
They are comfortable and move well with the body . 
Good for working out , hanging out , going to work in , or sleeping in . I accidentally ordered two pairs , but it ended up being ok.They are true to size.Highly recommend . 
Maybe I'm between sizes , because they aren't that comfortable on me . 
I prefer the sports briefs from Champion and Adidas that are sold here for much lower prices than ExOfficio . 
I use them for both sports and travel . 
These things take the heat and humidity without a second thought and managed to keep me dry and fresh every day for an entire year . 
They also look nice enough to show off in the bedroom . I had a friend join me in PNG for a few months , and he brought a few pairs of cotton boxer briefs . 
These are , by far , the best underwear on the planet . 
I've had a couple of pairs for a few years , which I workout in every day . 
I stretch and squat with them , which normal cotton underwear just ripped after a couple of months . 
They are also more comfortable because they do stretch so easily.They ' re expensive , but they're worth it . 
- I love it , they wash and dry easy . - They last 3 years a pair for me . - They dont stain-adios skid marks ( not that i ever had them ) - they dont stink from after fart . - they fit snug and keep everything down there where it should be . I bought them for hiking the mountains but now they are an everyday wear for me . 
I will not wear any other undergarment and havent in about 4 years . 
These were purchased for my husband who is an avid golfer , he thinks they are wonderful . 
I highly recommend these ! 
The upper band stays put on the waist and doesn't bunch or roll . 
Finally the pouch that holds the goods , is roomy and easy to access . 
After 3 days of 80 degree hiking over 30 miles , I felt great . 
To top it off , there wasn't any funk . 
This is a big deal . 
these fit great . 
Amazon sent me a new pair . 
I've had these for almost 2 years and they still look brand new . 
Very comfortable with more movement than some boxer briefs . 
I bought a few pairs of these several summers ago and thought they were amazing . 
They're the perfect material that keeps you comfortable for long periods of time . 
The other one provides perfect compression ; this one is too big , like regular boxers . 
J shoe trees . 
Also , they keep the cedar scent for longer . 
The arch , under the tongue of the shoe , helps support the shape of the shoe much better than other shoe trees . 
I like how there is a pull string , which makes removing the shoe tree nice and easy . I bought the extra large for a size 11.5 and they are perfect . 
The material is great.Oh , they came in pairs ... I hope this helps . 
Bought these to fit a new pair of nice leather oxfords . 
Wonderful new cedar smell upon opening the box . 
If you are serious about keeping your shoes nice , trees are a necessity . 
I bought these instead.They will keep the wrinkles from becoming cracks . 
I'm no expert on shoe trees , but it fits my shoes , holds the shape , and is cedar . 
These cedar inserts for shoes are great becasue they wick away moisture from the shoe and help it keep it's shape while drying out . 
Great for golf shoes ! 
These are perfect . 
Fits an 10.5 - 11 foot shoe perfectly . 
I bought this set for a pair of shoes that I bought online and were somewhat tight as I use orthotics . 
I put shoe stretcher spray inside the shoes and put the stretchers in . 
these are great , do exactly what i got them for , and fit my larger shoes . 
Sometimes when you buy a nice pair of dress shoes , they'll throw in a pair of wood shoe trees . 
I have a few from Men's Wearhouse that were comped , but I needed a few more pair so I purchased these Woodlore's off Amazon.They are well-made and the rope loops are a nice feature to assist in removing the tree from the shoe . 
Still , it's a minor issue . 
design and costA little lighter than a thought but it still works . 
The wallet is leather outside and plastic inside . 
The color is lovely , though . 
With this wallet I was downsizing from the larger wallets I've used for years . 
I am very happy with my choice ! 
I loved a wallet I had bought a few years back but the zipper for closing it broke . 
When I decided to look on Amazon , I chose this one because it met my ' checklist ' for what I needed in a wallet - enough ' slots ' for credit cards , a visible place for my ID , a full size compartment to put bills in , and a place for coins . 
I LOVE THEM . 
I do not have to roll up the cuffs ! ! ! 
That is a first for me , it fits the way I expected and is not too tight or loose any where , I have now purchased them in 5 different colors.The denim has an AWFUL smell that take several washings to get out . 
I did not find that the other colors had that smell.Don ' t know what that smell is but it kind of gags you as you open the packaging , that definitely has to be addressed ! 
The fit is fine . 
I've been a fan of the Amanda Stretch jeans for quite some time now . 
They are comfortable and fit very well . 
I always buy Gloria Vandervilt Amanda in several colors . 
You can't beat the quality for the price . 
Love them for everyday wear . 
I don't like that this jean is not provided by Amazon . 
These are great jeans if you are sent the correct size . 
Evidently , this company has had a lot of problems with sizing so please do not buy from this company . 
VERY NICE , FIT WAS ACCURATE FOR 3X . 
NICE QUALITY MATERIAL , NOT TOO HEAVY NOT TOO LIGHT . 
I LOVE THEM BECAUSE I NEED A LOT OF POCKETS . 
He rides a motorcycle and says they are very comfortable for him . 
Very nice necklace 
Use this for many pendants . 
The clasp is substantial and easy to use . 
This is a great little chain . 
Pretty sterling silver chain that will work beautifully with my new pendant ! 
I bought these as one of my teenager daughter's Christmas gifts this past year . 
She LOVES them and they look marvelous with many colors . 
Perfect length , not too long . 
These are great quality , beautifully made earrings . 
They are available with several different stones so I bought a pair with red stones for my mother for Christmas and they're just as beautiful . 
My husband got these as a gift for me . 
They are very lovely and of good quality silver . 
I have sensitive ears and so have to wear sterling silver , gold , or surgical steel . 
very nice light to the ears love these earrings , Nicely made and stylish i love them and all of my friends like them alt ! 
I wear these often , love them ! 
They were very reasonably priced , are holding up great , and just a cute earring ! 
This is an attractive necklace at 36 " for $ 25 . 
If it was offered at a discount when I bought it a year ago , I think I would've bought more to create a multi-strand look with my outfits . 
Definitely , 3 stars . 
This is such a great slinky chain . 
I love the way it just slides across my tops without snagging the materials . 
Not recommended . 
So if you're looking for something comfortable to work in in the shop or around the yard or just kicking back these are great . 
my father who is 100 years old has been wearing overalls since they were invented i believe ! 
Seeing as how the other reviews said they were a bit small and my size not available anyway , I ordered one size up thinking it would be good . 
The fabric is very thick and heavy , which is nice because that makes it more durable and protects you , but that also means it's very heavy and cumbersome 
I used this for a recent costume and it matched perfectly . 
The suspenders are a bright color and easy to put on . 
Nice enough to wear everyday and strong clasps hold well and cleans well if you spill something on them . 
Look forward to wearing them with oversize cargo pants and a tee shirt this summer . 
She has a hard time finding women's size 12 boots and shoes that are attractive . 
These were a great fit with a feminine look . 
Thanks ! 
Got the wide width . 
Ariat sole and welt construction is excellent . 
Same experience - good fit at my usual size , comfortable with little / no need to break them in and they look great . 
I ordered this umbrella online for the gray color , to coordinate with my daughter's prom gown on a rainy evening . 
It is sturdy , compact , and I had not seen this color in the local stores . 
Your palm overlaps with the top of the handle which doesn't have a smooth edge . 
The pinwheel look is attractive . 
Too big for my use . 
I was look for a small umbrella to carry in my large purse . 
I had to return it . 
No real complaints but sometimes it takes a couple times to get it to " stick " when collapsing the umbrella for storage . 
Not a huge concern if you know it might happen . 
The first time it almost got me in the face . 
The pants were a little bit too big when I took them out of the package but they fit perfectly after I washed them once . 
I've only worn them as work pants 9-10 times but so far they are very durable , not too warm , and the pocket on the lower right thigh is very handy to hold a knife , pen , box cutter , flashlight , or many other things . 
Looks and great for work , i'm a messenger boy btw . 
Extra pocket on leg has always been a favourite feature 
He has had a stroke and has lost use of one arm , hand , and leg . 
These are perfect . 
I love these socks . 
Bought these and a pair of Carharts for ten bucks more . 
After a few washes , these fit great . 
These pants are great . 
Color is true and doesn't run in the wash . 
Inseam fits true as well . 
The waiste fits well and doesn't dig into my sides like many pants do . 
They are a fine quality fabric for warm or chilly days . 
My husband wanted some comfortable black cargo pants and these are a great fit . 
They are not tight in the thighs or seat when squatting down to do work and for true around the waist . 
A very magnetic pair of pants . 
They are comfortable and easy to care for . 
I am not a 20 year old rapper who wants his pants hanging of the bottom of my butt cheeks ... but if I was , these would be perfect for me ! 
Thanks ! 
it is a bit snug in the waist compared to other brands with the same size . 
And the price is always a plus . 
love the extra space available for all the stuff I take when fishing . 
great pants for packing extras 
I don't know whether I did not realize that due to my error or the advert . 
Be very careful about the size and fit . 
If you have to return , it is expensive . 
Not a good purchase on my part . 
The material is great quality , and the picture too , it is not like those that start creasing as soon as you wash them . 
I knew that I had to wash it after sweating , so after the wash it became the perfect fit . 
The hat is worth way more than the little bit I paid for it . 
The drawstring chin strap works well . 
well made , color is camo fits great keeps sun and rain off of my head ventilation holes are a plus also 
My son loves it . 
Perfect for his needs . 
They are comfortable and they don't ride up on her . 
They also have washed well so far . 
This is a decent quality piece of jewelry . 
It did not feel or look right on my ear . 
Personal opinion on my jewelry tastes , this is not for me . 
Color kinda dark for my jeans but ok . Would recommend good buy and fast delivery . 
These are very comfortable . 
Bought them for my son and he practically lives in them . 
Comfortable excellent fit.Would recommend it to anyone . 
One of my friends bought a pair of Ariat Fatbaby boots , and I thought they were so adorable . 
The color is fabulous , and the soft pink stitching is gorgeous . 
I'm a size 7 & 1/2 , and they fit well . 
Now , while they are cute boots to wear out , I personally wouldn't ride in them . 
So my final opinion is that my Ariats are my going out boots , but Justin's will always be my riding boots . 
These boots absorbed the shock when i was sightseeing and were easy to take on and off during the long overseas plane ride . 
I liked the black ones so well I bought the brown pair . 
Look great and are fun to wear . 
Super comfortable , looks great with my jeans and best of all great price . 
I love the design of the heart and you can express love with this pendant necklace . 
Beautiful black robe and the embroidery is wonderful ! 
Feels so solky against my skin , and covers well . 
I love this color and the fit is perfect for my 1X figure . 
Also I have washed and dried it a few times and it wears well . 
Bathrobes that button are not easy to find . 
She lost the use of her right hand and can't snap or tie a robe . 
This worked perfect . 
NOT GOOD . 
THE PANTS ARE EXCELLENT , I KEPT THE LARGE AND WILL WASH TILL IT SHRINKS , THEY SHOULD BE PERFECT THEN , THANKS . 
Not too heavy , and roomy for airflow in the summer . 
Love it . 
Very happy with this shirt ! 
i noticed that the tags in the mocha garments show that they were made in thailand while the tag in the yam garment shows that it was made in china . 
Cheap shirts with excellent fabric . 
The color is very rich and bright . 
I bought this shirt because I liked its Earth tone color and it was in my size . 
I like the way it fits and I like having it sent right to my door . 
I rate this 5 stars because it's very comfortable , affordable and durable . 
These are great to work in , relax in or wear under a polo . 
Works great , super price just what I needed I am very happy with the purchase . 
Husband loved it 
This is a great basic tee shirt . 
This was a wonderful inexpensive solution . 
The difference between this model and the lighterFruit of the Loom Men's 4 pack crew T-Shirtsthat Fruit of the Loom offers is like night and day . 
I am not knocking the lighter weight model , but these are beefier and , well , actually luxurious against my skin.What I love is the tagless design , which adds to the comfort . 
The colors are vivid and stay that way . 
I wear this model both as an outer shirt , and as an under shirt , and it works well in both scenarios.Stitching , and seams are strong and straight , so the workmanship is solid . 
Also , after ten or so wash cycles the inside printed label fades to the point that you have to look at the seams to determine if they are right side out or not . 
Other than those minor issues these are a real value and exceptionally well made . 
I bought this Men's T in smalls for myself , as I prefer this fit when doing crafts and decorating homes , I usually wear medium in women's sizes.The quality seems good , soft and not thin at all . 
This shirt is so soft I love it ... Great color and affordable price . 
This is a comfortable t-shirt that I use as an undershirt . 
I've had this for over a year , and it still fits well . 
This does have the occasional thread hanging off of it , but it holds up well in general . 
Love these over-sized T's . 
I wear these T's with light summer vest , some I wear with lots of pearl or chain necklaces . 
Nice color and like Fruit of the Loom tee shirts . 
Have several different colors and they fit well with very little shrinkage . 
Bought these shirts for my son , he really like them , long sleeved , but not to warm , just right for California wear . 
I purchased a few of these in several colors to keep my warm at work . 
I am usually cold , but not anymore . 
The colors are sharp , they are a good fit ( I'm a 38 short and got the large ) and I actually like them so much I got the same colors in the short sleeve style for the summer . 
I also feel it's a good price , since the short sleeve shirts cost the same.As for the fit - I purchased a medium and a large . 
I usually wear a medium , but both shrank so much I decided to go with the large . 
The large shrank down to a loose medium , but the medium was a little too tight for me . 
I was really happy with these . 
It says it's cotton but it's not very soft . 
its a nice sturdy tee shirt i like how it fits around the wrist the color is nice just the color i needed 
Great buy . 
Size is accurate . 
Quality is excellent . 
Great accessory for a chilly house . 
I've been using Hanes Tees for five years now . 
I buy 14 each year and change them ; that means I need to wash them almost 26 times each year . 
At the end of the year , they are good enough to give to charity.With this I tell you the quality of these Tees . 
Like all Hanes products there is not much you can say.un pretty much true to size.They have very good quality and theyrun pretty much true to size . 
Our Grandson called to thank us for the gift . 
These are price friendly high-quality T-shirts that come in great colors . 
At the same time they keep you warm in the winter being fairly heavy . 
Do not hesitate , go ahead and buy them , you will not regret it . 
These shirts fit fine and don't shrink when washed . 
Would be cool in the summer . 
Good for working out in the gym . 
I bought this Hanes Men's T in smalls for myself , as I prefer this fit when doing crafts and decorating homes , I usually wear medium in women's sizes.The quality seems good , not thin at all . 
Great fit and color . 
I generally go to DXL and wear Harbor Bay shirts and wear 5XLT and can now wear 4XLT comfortably . 
Just a heads up in case you shop elsewhere and are looking here expect them to be a little smaller than you may be used to , but the price is very nice compared to others . 
Although I would buy the next size up , the quality is good , color vivid and washed nicely with no shrinkage . 
I ordered these to use as tunic-like tops . 
This color is very nice . 
My husband likes to sleep in a t-shirt and these work perfect . 
Works for him ! 
Also I " m a 34E . 
I read that the band runs large so to order a band smaller and cup larger . 
I figured that if the band runs large then I'd just go down a cup size and keep it a 34 . 
Well I'm not very full and the top of the bra was super wrinkly . 
I have ordered 5-6 bras , never had ONE fit , this one is perfect . 
Bought 2 of these , a pair for my girlfriend and a pair for myself . 
We like to go places together looking like FBI agents.These aviators are excellent quality for the price . 
Best part is , since they're so cheap , you don't have to be so worried about breaking them.This is my first time purchasing this particular company or brand of aviators . 
I drop my glasses sometimes and I wanna replace them easy - not with $ 150 Ray Ban's . The one negative about these aviators is they are dark as night . 
The lens on these glasses are VERY dark . 
In those cases they will be excellent . 
I love these aviators ! 
They are very comfortable , very inexpensive , and they look so good on . 
These are the same ones the sell at gas stations for $ 10 - $ 15 bucks , worth the $ 3.50 Dark lenses . 
Kinda small , but fit my large face well enough 
Just remember that your not paying much so do not expect them to last forever but good knockoff ! 
These sticky-bottom socks are soft and fluffy and very comfortable . 
She likes them as they fit nicely and have the traction on the bottom 
They are great quality , they have worn and wash well , I have no complaints at all ! 
I love these pants I have bought these in 5 different colors . 
I wear them all the time . I'm a 34 in the waist and medium fits me snug enough to wear my glock inside the waist with a quick draw clip . 
Not enough room for my inside the waist holster . 
I bought this for my husband to use for a Hawaiian theme party and both of us loved it . 
It has nice vibrant colors and the fit and quality is good . 
The pieces of wood are uneven and not strong . 
Drawers do not fit properly . 
I have been wearing this name-brand shirt for years . 
This camisole is light-weight and perfect for warmer weather . 
I mostly bought this because I like the retro look and not because I wanted a lot of waist cinching . 
I have a 32 " waist and 42 " hips , and I sized up by ordering the 34 - XXL . 
It's still a little more snug than I'd like , creates a roll above the top and around the bottom . 
Otherwise , this is very adorable , just right for getting that pin up girl or Betty Draper look ! 
I wear it every night to keep my feet warm and allow me to go outside and feed my feral cats . 
I have to stay outside with them while their eating to guard away the raccoons . 
Loved them but did an exchange because the orthotic inserts were not as comfortable as boots with the heel and arches built in for my wide foot ! 
Do not go out on a long hike the first day you wear these boots ! 
If no discomfort , then up your distance a bit . 
Each day , increase distance , but by no more than 1/2 mile or a mile at most . 
Within a few weeks you will be walking as far as you want to . 
Mine are getting comfortable , and all the aesthetic complaints I had about the right boot , are a non-issue now . 
The boots have stretched and things have settled into place , and they look great . 
I am really liking my boots , and they just keep getting more comfortable . 
I walked 9.5 miles one day , no problems . 
I love this bra ! 
The fit is perfect and it is so comfortable to wear . 
My husband likes this too ! 
I love this bra ! 
It fits , it's sexy looking and is very up to date in every way . 
I purchased this bra because I needed a plunge push-up for a wedding I was in and the original bra I had purchased online would not arrive on time . 
My everyday bras are 44D and they fit perfectly . 
I could get it closed but the fat under my arms was pushed out very predominantly and this was not going to work . 
The cup size was fine , but this bra was definitely not the most comfortable . 
In a pinch I would purchase this again , but if given more time , I would look for a more comfortable bra . 
Not impressed . 
Bought to replace a bra Bali no longer makes and not worth it 
This one fits me perfect ! 
It is gorgeous also . 
Very smooth front & has the change to crisscross for my summer dresses . 
I have been wearing this same sneakers for many years . 
I love them . 
They are so comfortable you can walk for many miles . 
They are not heavy at all so they are perfect for long walks . 
These are a lovely , soft gray Nubuck . 
These are very attractive walking shoes . 
They do not run very easily . 
Also , the great thing about thigh highs is that even if one stocking does get a run , you only need to replace one of the stockings , not a whole pair . I like " little color " on my fair skin . 
It looks very natural . 
However , the top at the thigh squeezes way too tightly so my fat was rolling over the edge creating a muffin top for my thighs ! 
I'm not even overweight . 
Otherwise you will lose blood flow . 
Had to return these 
These were bought to wear under some of my dresses with my garter belts to be more elegant and sexy for my husband 
Great fit and love the look . 
I'll buy another pair so I can keep using the one that isn't snagged . 
I am 5 ' 5 and these fit perfectly . 
The top is effective in keeping the hose where you want . 
The newer styles have a very wide lace top which can slip . 
Tried out thigh high - - and now prefer them to panty hose - - comfortable , and they stay up . 
Was concerned they might " slide down " as the day progressed - - but well-made band keeps them in place without and pinching ... don't notice the band after putting them on.Like the ability to only have to throw away " one " of the pair if you get a run ... and can easily mix with other packages of same color as color quality consistent.At first , was concerned about price ( more costly than panty hose ) - - but fit , feel , and durability make up for this . 
You should consider getting a larger size as these were not comfortable for my girlfriend around her calf . 
Just what I expected our of these shoes and they fit my daughter great . 
pretty design , great color - aquai but i would be enbarrassed to wear these . 
Not being a " shoe person , " this classic slip on design appeals to me . 
These fit fine ; are well made and comfortable . 
This is a very comfortable shoe . 
It is well made and looks great with dressy pants for work . 
they came on time and well packaged , They look nice and felt very good when I first put them on . 
These are a nice looking and comfortable pair of shoes . 
I've always loved anything made by Hush Puppies . 
I normally wear size 6.5 , came somewhat small.so ladies if you are buying get a 1/2 size bigger for a perfect fitas well as comfort .. the shoes color is pretty and the quality is good . 
I ordered my size and wide , but they were not wide at all . 
must have underrated the fitting in my choice of size , it was a bit to large and thus slips of mu heels . 
The heels are looser than the white leather ones I bought first . 
It is a pretty shoe with a nice utility heel height . 
Life is too short to die in pain with your feet everywhere you go . I love the style & fit of this shoe . 
VERY comfortable shoe . 
Have the Camelot , Russet & my fav the Coffee Bean . 
The little brass buttons on them are a perfect design touch . 
PERFECT ! 
I don't know if they are a long distance walking shoe but they are great for the mall or out with friends . 
The fit is true to size and not too narrow . 
The colour is not too dark ... I would call it a true camel , too . 
They fit comfortably and are nice enough to wear to church . 
This review is for the brown leather version of these shoes ( shiny , not suede ) . 
these shoes are comfortable , soft , stylish and easy slip on . 
priced right , shipped fast . 
My husband loves these . 
They are comfortable and fit well . 
They look nice . 
They'll beat the enamel off the inside the dryer . 
He uses them to work in the garden and finds them very comfortable . 
It's made for a working man , from painting your shed to getting on the ground and changing your oil ... they fit as expected ... the Demi is thick and fits good . 
But they are great for working in the garden . 
They are great for working around the house 
I purchased these Columbia pants for my husband for Christmas . 
The pockets themselves are deep - another plus . 
The pants are nice looking and they must be comfortable , since he has been wearing them often ! 
The fit is slightly loose in the butt , but otherwise they look nice on and can be worn for most casual events . 
The " flax " color as displayed is actually the lighter color ( fossil ) , NOT the flax . 
The flax is a medium brown , closer to the sage in tone . 
Will return them . 
This is a great price for good pants . 
We were glad to be able to stock up for summer travel . 
Alpine Tundra is more or less a light olive color . 
The 38W fits loose , but if it shrinks , who knows . 
Not dressy at all . 
These are the only pair of white shoes that I have.They fit perfectly and are verycomfortable . 
The package was sent in a timely manner which gave me the oppotunityto decide what outfit I am going to wear for my Mother's 85th Birthday . 
Great if you are walking on snow and ice but when you hit pavement they are a bit odd to walk on . 
Our neighborhood is one where some folks clear the walk down to the pavement and some do not so I haven't used them much . 
These give me secure footing and prevent slipping and falling . 
while walking two Shibas on ice in coldest winter in history ! Ha ... but so true . 
I have three pairs for different winter boots and I can jog on ice in these guys . 
These are great ! 
The sizes are deceiving , since I think a size 11 women's is large but it only takes a medium trak to fit the shoe well . 
She was concerned about slipping on them but also not a concern since when she steps down , they " smush " into the shoe . 
This is my second pair of Yaks . 
I lost the first pair . 
I love the glow ! 
Living in a ski resort town , we have snow and ice for 5 months of the year . 
I wear a size 9 and the small fit my shoes perfectly . 
I also bought a medium for boyfriend ( and also works on my bigger size 10 boots ) , but we have yet to try that set . 
They did a great job for walking down our hilly street in slushy , icy snow . 
They were great at first , helped me not slip on most ice ( still slick on certain surfaces ) , and I could run in them . 
These work great ... I haven't fell once this year . 
Fits perfectly , soft and very comfortable . 
Very nice shade of red . 
I ordered the ivory and they are beautiful . 
Love the fit , they are very comfortable . 
Life Stride's Mimosa Fisherman Sandals are very cute and comfortable . 
The heel is a perfect height for long walks and the top is nice and soft . 
Should be great with skirts this summer . 
They fit great and are very comfortable . 
It is open and has low heel - perfect for long summer walks . 
Quite soft and comfortable to walk . 
Still fits and is comfortable , good price and I can even decorate with beads if I want . 
I walk our large collie dog everyday in the winter and these were very handy for that light duty job . 
Also I was also able to use these for the snow and ice removal when I walked behind my new Power Smart 208 CC two stage snow blower that I purchased from Amazon . 
I also ordered the extra replacement tungsten carbide studs . 
These are amazing & I will never go another winter without a pair ! 
Love love love them ! ! 
Easy to put on & even easier to take off . 
Stay in place nicely . 
Very easy to walk in them . 
These are not expensive pants . 
Accordingly , while the value is pretty good , don't expect the finest grade of cotton , or an extraordinary fit . 
If you're like me , and appreciate a sharp crease , know that these are difficult to iron crisply . 
Keep that treatment , manufacturer , and let us iron our own ! 
Pleated fronts are out for the young , I've heard , but I like ' em just fine . 
It's nice to have a color other than khaki 
Very comfortable , great fit . 
Cushion for support is excellent . 
Shoes are lightweight and flexible . 
I highly recommend these shoes for walking and everyday wear . 
i am too fat for this belt will give it to my brother for his birthday next month i know he will like it 
Huge dissappointment . 
So now they look very wide and not as long . 
She wears 5T and the size S works for her right now . 
What is also nice is that they are long so you can bend over without your lower back falling out . 
If you have experience with these shirts then you know all about it . 
LOVE THIS TOP ! 
Love the color & feel to the shirt ! 
I buy Columbia shirts for my construction man , they are comfortable , breathable , and fit true to size and I do not have to iron them . 
If he is not at work he is in the woods or out on the pond or lake . 
After hundreds of washings , from wearing to work or play the color has not faded it has not shrunk . 
I highly recommend this brand and style ! 
Fit is true to size.And the color is beautiful and a cool fabric.Fast shipping . 
I wear M size but this shirt is so large in my size . 
Great shirt ! 
Well crafted , comfortable , with enough pockets to safeguard items . 
Colors are awesome ; they go well with a number of color coded jeans and casual pants . 
This is the best shirt EVER ! 
The Columbia Bahama helps me keep it simple : super lightweight and folds tiny , can be washed in hotel room sinks and dries fast . 
Plus it's comfortable , cool , not prone to wrinkles and rocks the safari look . 
I love the sage color but be forewarned it's similar to park ranger and zoo keeper attire . 
I was asked for park information a couple times while enjoying the California Redwoods ! 
Next time around , I'll spring for the blue Bahama ... The workmanship of this made in Vietnam shirt is excellent but , as other reviewers noted , runs at least one size too large . 
However , I bought extra small and it fits okay but is still oversized , sort of a 1980s tent shirt fit . 
As for coolness , it's okay but not much better than a normal light cotton shirt.Finally , as a photographer I find the large pockets useful for holding filters , memory cards , lens caps , etc . 
All in all a great shirt for photographers , travelers and outdoorsmen . 
I usually wear a large and based on other reviews I ordered a medium ; I am glad I did because the medium is a PERFECT fit for me . 
It makes packing for a long trip a breeze , because you can pack more shirts and still not have a heavy suitcase . 
The pockets on the front are deep and perfect for people that have a lot of things to carry with them . 
I highly recommend this shirt . 
My husband bought two pairs at Macy's when they were on clearance , and he was wearing out his second pair . 
They're his everyday shoes . 
Comfortable , heavier material than most sweat tops , well made . 
A nice sweatshirt but it was too heavy and not what I needed . 
I sent it back , but if I wanted a heavier sweatshirt it would have been perfect . 
Length is good and fits well through the shoulders . 
Great fit . 
Great color . 
Size is wonderful and very little shrinkage.She wears it all the time . 
This was a difficult color to hind , glad I found it in Amazon ! 
These sweatshirts are the best ever ! 
I love these sweatshirts because they are not bulky like many other brands . 
They drape well and are perfect for layering . 
I plan to buy several more in different colors . 
I love sweats ! ! 
And in a way , it worked in my favor because I ended up loving them . 
Excellent customer service . 
Like the color . 
shirt is very well made , pretty , fits great can not beat the price . 
Bought for the husband as he needed a replacement upgrade and this was just the ticket . 
Washed up beautifully , and is just as soft and fluffy as straight out of the package . 
they are well made and the fabric is nice and soft . 
This was a gift for my 13 year old granddaughter ... a men's medium fit her perfectly ... enough room for a shirt under it ... seem the kids are all wearing these now ... it is a nice quality too ... 
I love these hoodies they fit nice and are not thick and bulky . 
Not to snuggle but not huge either . 
I am a woman tall and long waisted and these work great ! 
i have never heard of Jerzees before i am use to Champion , Gildan and fruit of the loom howeverI really like this hoody , it's a very dark navy almost blackmy only concern is will it shrink after washing and dryingvery light weight has a kangaroo pouch perfect for stashing your own snacksif you don't want to pay for the consensus stand at the movie theaterswould be great in like late September or a chilly room that has the air conditioner on . 
This shirt looks good on my man I would recommend to others also the fit is perfect . 
Great color too . 
I am crazy about hoodies and have been looking for the perfect maroon hoodie . 
The color is just as pictured and this is honestly one of the most comfortable hoodies I have ever worn . 
I for this and a plain shirt under it in 30 degree weather and I stayed pretty warm . 
My customers love this brand , I personally don't like hoodies because of the tightness around neck but i wear them anyways and cut a little slit at the neckline ... i prefer sweatshirts and they have those in this brand too which is great and a variety of colors to choose from . 
Great quality and great price . 
My husband works construction and I bought these for him to wear on the job . 
They look to be a good value , and you can't beat the price . 
The color is a bright purple , although the picture shows it to be more of a bluish purple . 
Absolutely love this ! 
It's great :) 
and it was very nice ! 
My husband loves these shirts ! 
Typically , an XL fits my husband , but he needed a XXL in these . 
The sleeve length is great , the quality of the fabric is very good and when I had an issue with a defective shirt ( spots on the back ) , the company was superb to work with . 
Highly recommend ! 
This shirt fitted well and the quality is also good . 
THESE SHOES ARE GOOD HOWEVER THE SIZE WAS INCORRECT AND MY SISTER COULD NOT WEAR IT AT ALL . 
These shoes just did not hold up very well . 
They slot over the abdomen as I was putting them on very carefully this morning - could not wear them , will return . 
Very pretty but not if I cannot wear them . 
Sheer and shimmery . 
I wore a size B and I'm smaller now than I was then . 
Make legs look fabulous almost too perfect but love it . 
Nice and strong material and wont run easy . 
I ordered a Small and fits good but for anyone over 115 pounds may be too small . 
These cover everything but still look real and can wear with skirts but beware it does get a lot of people staring at your legs . 
I can see why cheer leaders and dancers wear these as they perfect the leg and give support . 
I'm fair and the light toast works well only because I use Lorac Tantalizer on arms , chest and neck otherwise would be darker than my fair skin but will be perfect for summer . 
If you are looking for something more sheer go with Oroblu Repos 70 which I also have and love but more like a strong pantyhose . 
They look good . 
There is some compression so it's a nice supportive feel and slenderizing . 
The nude really is a nude color . 
Pink is nice with pink shoes . 
LIght weight enough for warm weather . 
Be aware , the color is very vibrant . 
I am 5 ' 9 " and weigh 145 pounds and this size fit me fine . 
Most excellent purchase . 
Perfect fit and extremely comfortable . 
The color is what caught my eye and I bought Brown as well . 
I always get these for my mother-in-law . 
They are her favorite shoes , and these fit her well , as always . 
I love these boots ! 
I recommend them for anyone of any age , particularly if they love the look of Uggs . 
I'm normally a size 7 and ordered a size up based on reviews I read . 
They fit perfectly and are so warm . 
I have purchased these in every color . 
Soooo warm . 
I love them . 
I read these reviews before purchasing . 
So happy I choose to buy these ! 
My feet have never , ever been so warm . 
very warm wife liked it 
With nice compression and stretch to the hose . 
The color was a nice shade too . 
They are still great tights and the quality is awesome . 
Capezio remains the best dance brand to date , in my opinion ! 
These tights are very well made , great quality , and are able to survive many dance practices , rehearsals , competitions , & recitals ! 
Amazon's price is also cheaper than any dance store in my area , and cheaper than many top online dance stores as well ! 
I wear these occasionally for dancing . 
The first one I ordered was too big , but returning it wasn't a hassel , and the second pair fit just fine . 
I had to reorder to a larger size as this shoe also runs small . 
I would not say these are the most comfortable shoes , but were good for my dance class.Also , I think they are durable , but I have had them only a few months . 
I don't have dance class now , but I will try to use them again and I think I will not have to buy another pair for a long time . I like them . 
Just not the shoe for moi . 
They're not traditional loops that go over a button . 
It fits well . 
My husband was pleased , he loved the dark stone color.We had to send back for a larger size and shorter length.My husband has not yet come to terms with a larger waistline ( smile ) . I frankly feel like he will be in them often and I will have to fight with him to wash them . 
I haven't tried them on yet , but the texture and color is very beautiful . 
I can't wait , even though the color is very vibrant . 
according to the size chart , this item should've fit , but lo an behold it was tight and incredibly unflattering . 
I'm not even sure izing up will help much . 
please be aware this item doesn't have the support most tights do , and even so , too tight . 
They fit very well and are so very comfortable ! 
I love the way that they feel too . 
They feel cool and warm at the same time . 
Strange , but true . 
The color was a brighter blue than in the photo , but I like them a lot . 
This is the best tights I have found ! 
I enjoyed it so much I bought all of the colors ! 
They go so well with my skirts and slip on shoes . 
I love the color selectiion the best ! 
The first time I wore these they ran a little bit in the crotch area . 
I have now worn them three times and each time they've ran a little bit in a different spot on the ' control top ' portion . 
I love the fit and color of these tights . 
My legs are always cold and these tights keep me warm . 
got these and love them . 
Three pair , sz 9-11 , color demin . 
I like the color , the fit and the feel of them . 
I did not expect them to be any thicker than they are because I read the reviews that said not to expect that . 
To me that reads half biodegradable and half not . 
While that may feel good on my feet , it's not good for our planet and all the creatures on it . 
So it upsets me a bit that these socks were falsely advertised . 
FYI - made in Mexico not the USA . 
I can also contact customer service to facilitate the purchase to make sure that they are cotton . 
I will check back to see if Any changes were made . 
I have been wearing Gold Toe a long time , but these socks were not made well . 
The threads are not tight , with some spaces not woven well . 
I have worn gold toe white socks for decades . 
I work in health care and these are the best , most comfortable , longest lasting socks I have ever worn . 
Decided to treat myself to new ones . 
Very happy to find them on Amazon at a reasonable price . 
Even happier to see that they are still made as well and are just as comfortable as my old pairs . 
Great socks for traveling . 
My husband and son who is very picky love these socks . 
Not thrilled with these . 
Bought these for my husband , who has diabetic neuropathy and needs very comfortable and supportive socks . 
These socks are nice and thick , just how I like them ! 
They were thicker than I thought they would be but very comfortable . 
I ordered these after reading some reviews & was surprised that there is a charcoal pair and 2 black pair . 
My fault ... I did not read the detail description down the page carefully . 
I wanted to make sure others were aware of the colors in this package of 3 pair of weekend socks . 
I am keeping them because I love gold toe socks ! 
These are a great cold weather sock for women . 
They're thick and warm but not so bulky as to be uncomfortable . 
They work perfectly in rain boots and hiking or cold weather boots . 
The only bone I have to pick is with the way they are described on this site . 
No matter , I can wear the white ones at home and the other colors to work on dress down day . 
I won't need to purchase anymore cheap socks that fall apart after a few wearings & washings . 
I hope this company never lets up on it's quality control and never goes out of business . 
I'll be buying gold toe socks for as long as I am able to wear socks . 
These are my go-to weekend pairs , which I enjoy wearing . 
I like the fact these keep my ankles warm when I wear them with the cuffs turned . 
These socks are all that my husband will wear . 
I have yet to see a hole in one of these socks and he's worn this style for years . 
This is by far my favorite style of Gold toe socks . 
These socks are not good . 
Very uncomfortable , which was a huge surprise from Gold Toe . 
I liked Gold Toe socks the first time I wore them and always try to buy them when I need socks . 
Comfortable , breathable sock without poly 
I just love putting on a clean pair of crisp white sox every day . 
I have always like Gold Toe socks . 
Not the quality in gold toe socks I expected . 
I have bought them for years from JC Penney . 
GOOD QUALITY , AND FITS GREAT AND KEEPS YOUR TOES WARM , SO I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM , FOR CASUAL WEAR OR HEADING TO THE GYM 
I wouldn't wear them in the summer , but they're perfect for cooler weather . 
They are durable , wash nicely and fit well . 
I have been wearing these socks for 20 years ! 
So happy to find that Amazon now sells them for about the same price as the local stores and they have multiple quantities . 
These are nice sock and are gold toes . 
They are soft , exactly what I wanted and they wash up nicely 
Gold Toe what is not to love about Gold toe socks , have bought many will return to buy more in the future always a nice treat to get new Gold Toe sock , wear well , wash well , last years 
I wear them to my desk job , and also for ballroom dancing . 
I bought these exclusively to wear inside of slightly tight boots . 
Over the past year of use , I've been expecting these to break down at a couple of pressure points at the toe , heel , or along the sides of the ball of my foot , due to the difficulty I have sliding my foot into these boots . 
But this , I confess , is a common problem for any dress sock to tackel when challenged with the calves I come equipped with , so I'm only knocking them one star.The wool is sufficiently thick to give me limited insulation and cushion inside of my non-insulated leather boots , without being either overly warm nor overly thick . 
Maybe not the best sock for really cold nights outside , but for my use , I'll vouch for them down to the 30 ' s . I'd definitely buy these again . 
Living in my area , going into the woods requires over-the-calf boots to protect against snake bites . 
The wool socks I use during the fall and winter as too heavy , thus warm , for the spring and summer . 
The wool regulates temperature within my boots and wicks away moisture . 
Great sock . 
My husband wears the Windsor calf length sock year round for the office . 
I hope Gold Toe continues to make Windsor over the calf and ankle wool blend socks . 
They did into your legs and leave marks and a swollen lump in your leg above the sock . 
THESE GOLD TOE EXTENDED SIZE SOCKS ARE FANTASTIC ! 
They are paper-thin and have no elasticity right out of the pack . 
My foot doesn't roll as easily inside the sock as in the questionable quality , cushioned Fluffies received most recently . 
They may not be the quality of the old Gold Toes , but I like them and recommend them . 
the larger size , with shrinkage , still stays over the calf in that comfortable spot . 
You're constantly pulling them up , or tweaking them , or you're just aware of your uncomfortable feet . 
I can't stand crew socks . 
I've about worn out 6 pair of whatever the prior edition of these socks were , and was glad to find these here at Amazon to replenish my sock drawer . 
The first 6 pairs lasted for at least 3 years of constant use . 
With some shoes , I have to be careful not to let fabric get bunched up when slipping the shoe on . 
I purchased these for my husband and they have held up well for him . 
Not much you can say about a sock , but these are great . 
These socks provide lots of cushion , and the upper elastic portion stays up on your leg without being too tight . 
Price was also great . 
These are slightly heavier in a nice way . 
These are great . 
They LOOK like dress socks , but absorb like sweat socks . 
A nice little secret . 
I love the comfort and the way the sock stays up . 
I love Gold Toe Men's Cotton Crew Athletic Socks , white . 
The 6 - pack is an excellent value with Amazon Prime free shipping . 
I have been wearing these socks for years . 
Yep , I'll buy more of these when needed . 
These socks are comfortable and strong . 
My teenage son has big feet & is picky about socks.He LOVES these because they are medium thickness & soft like sports socks.There is enough cotton to be soft & enough elastic to remain stretchy . I wash in hot water on heavy & these socks are holding up perfectly ! My son said he will ONLY wear these from now on . 
actually , these were for my son , and I gave him some last year , and he liked them so well that he asked for the same kind this year . 
So I ordered a dozen and made the perfect replacement . 
Comfortable . 
I prefer Gold Toe socks because they are comfortable and durable . 
I purchased these for my father . 
He reports that he loves their thick soles , which cushion his steps . 
It has a woven in heel that fits very well . 
They feel comfortable as an athletic sock but also look like a dress sock . 
They are perfect I will wear them all year round . 
They are comfortable and wear and launder well . 
I've bought Gold Toe socks for many years and continue to do so . 
Great fitting with a nice thick fabric . 
These are quite comfortable socks , and they fit much better than other socks I've purchased . 
Very roomy in the foot , and not too tight around the ankle or calve . 
My son wears a size 14 in shoes and since he runs track , he also has big calves . 
They fit perfectly and I'm so glad . 
Great price for 6 high-quality white socks . 
Comfortable fit with just enough elastic to keep the socks from falling down without cutting at all into the leg . 
Bright white color which did not get reduced by machine washing . 
To make my wife happy , these socks did the job . 
They are thick like my white socks and in a color my wife likes ... And as they say , if she's happy , well you know the rest . 
Big and tall size fits good . 
When I was a kid , I loved new white socks for my new sneakers . 
All they needed to be were new when I was that age . 
And the material is not very comfortable . 
The Reviewers do a good job steering you correctly , if you use a bit of caution and common-sense . 
These are very nice just-the-right-thickness socks ! 
I've always wore the Gold toe men's athletic socks in both black and white colors . 
They are comfortable and they last a long time . 
They offer a tremendous amount of cushioning . 
Highly recommend . 
When they need replaced , which was the case with this recent purchase , it's always more of the same . 
I have 14.5 size shoes and can not often find quality sox that fit . 
These are very comfortable . 
Yet to determine how well they will last . 
These are perfect . 
My husband and sons love these socks . 
And they are somewhat sock experts so I believe them . 
They are comfortable , high quality and great price . 
I take size 14 shoe and this fits me well . 
I love these socks ! 
I have always bought cheaper socks for my husband thinking there wasn't any difference . 
My husband loves these socks and says you can definitely tell the difference between these socks and cheaper socks . 
Comfortable and light . 
I wear them often . 
It does not clean much off after spraying the shoe with cleaner or using the eraser . 
I love these great Fi and very comfortable and a nice gift to give to someone . 
Nice to just put them on and go great buy and good price . 
these pants are not only good fitting for the boys but also a very high quality for the small price you pay 
It's flexible , with a soft sole , and the strap on top and fits perfectly . 
It's a little wide but the ties can be tightened . 
I wear them around the house and they've held up great . 
Quality seems fine . 
Great shoe but it is a bit too big for me , I ordered a size bigger just in case , but I was able to adjust the size with the strings so overall it was fine . 
Since these were going to be a one-time use item , we did not want to spend very much but wanted them to be pretty . 
This is a very nice ballet shoe . 
It fits a bit small . 
My daughter's feet run on the wide side , but not hugely wide . 
They must not be too tight and hurt . 
Well-made slipper . 
Now in the dress-up bin for Little # 2 & friends . 
are finding them true to size . 
I bought an 11 just in case so I may return or keep in the hopes that she continues dancing . 
I got these in a 10 , which is her current shoe size . 
The quality is great and she likes them , and wears them for ballet class . 
She wanted black this time , and the color is nice , she is happy . 
If these wear as well as her pink ones did , they will be perfect ! 
Great value . 
We are absolutely sold on the capezio shoes . 
Both of my children have a couple pair . 
I did and it fits perfectly . 
Great job Capezio ! 
I had to return these , because they are so incredibly small . 
I ordered them for my two year old and could not come close to getting them on her . 
i bought these shoes in a M , fits a little wide in the mid-section , make sure you have your size right , especially ordering on line . 
My granddaughter really loved these shoes . 
She loved wearing them because they were comfortable . 
Highly recommend it ! 
This way I've found my girls get a full year of use out of them.Note : There is no left foot and right foot in ballet shoes - you just alternate weekly so they keep the rounded toe shape . 
The size 11 was quite a bit too bit and much too wide . 
I used Prime , and easily returned the shoes . 
In a perfect world , the original size would have worked . 
She hasn't started dance class yet , I hope they fit well enough that she doesn't fall down 
They feel nice and seem to be good quality . 
The shoes are great , but the ties are super annoying and don't stay tied . 
It's a nice ballet shoe , typical Capezio quality . 
My experience with sizing is that they run a little big and a little wide . 
My daughter wears a 11.5 W street shoe and the 12M ballet shoe is too big and wide . 
They SHOULD be tight , and after one day of wear these stretched to my footbeautifully . 
I ordered my true size . 
I may try ordering half size down because my current pair may stretch too much . 
Solid shoe , no surprises , does what it is expected to do . 
I like split soles so this works for me . 
I use these for partner dances , so not sure how they work for other dancers 
Great Tee Shirt and I love the words . 
I highly recommend it to all my Marine Brothers and Sister . 
I AM 5 FT 7 IN AND A LITTLE LARGER THAN AVERAGE IN THE SHOULDERS AND CHEST . 
Comfortable neck line and sleeve length . 
I have gotten to where I will not wear the blends as they are just not as comfortable . 
They may wear longer , but I prefer the softness and sweat absorption qualities over the durability of the blends . 
My boyfriend loves these shirts for working in the shop , which is what I ordered them for . 
He says he gets slightly warm at times , but they're breathable and he doesn't overheat . 
The fit is accurate , and comfortable . 
Great fitting , outside layer for those cold winter day's . 
They are nice , medium weight Ts . 
Purchase a pair and see for yourself that these are worth it . 
And it holds up to everything he puts it through , very very durable.He is also rather tall but not at all overweight so it is often difficult to find clothing that is long enough but not too baggy . 
This jacket when ordered in tall sizes was perfect . 
I have been wearing these for 3 years and have ordered and bought more locally every year they look good wear good feel grate 
Great fitting and good looking shirts . 
It even has a perfect cell phone pocket . 
easy and confortable to wear . 
I like the color and desing 
Great shirt ! 
Well crafted , comfortable , and sharp looking . 
Colors are awesome ; they go well with a number of color coded jeans and dress pants . 
I just purchased 3 of them and they are great . 
I really think I could have used a medium whereas I wear mainly large in most shirts.So it you want a lightweight and UV protection shirt in great bright colors then this would be a great pick for you . 
These also wear well tucked in if you wish . 
I love the shirt , mainly because it is cotton and vented . 
Not a dress shirt . 
I take a medium normally , but I had to exchange the medium for a small to get the right fit 
this hat fits well and is very comfortable , the color was important because it matches my coat , it is also very warm which was one of the things that I wanted 
This all-wool cap is soft , comfortable , and warm . 
Well made and fits perfectly . 
I SHOULD HAVE RETURNED THIS HAT DOSE NOT LIVE UP TO THE UNDER ARMORE QUALITY I EXPECTED I ENDED UP BUYING A DIFFERNT BRAND THAT IS MUCH WARMER FOR HALF THE PRICE . 
I read a lot of reviews on these before I purchased them and it's true when they say to go a size up . 
I did find the top part sort of tight . 
I have muscular calves which measure between 15 1/2 to 16 inches around . 
Buy a size up and adjust them to where they are comfortable ! 
& remember the more you wear them the better they will start fitting . 
The price was higher then I generally pay for shoes but it was well worth it . 
This is a good basic bra for working out . 
Does get a little hot but is comfortable and supportive as needed . 
Love the cap , love the color , the fit is perfect , this is my first purchase of this style , but there will be many more . 
Husband wanted this cap to drive his convertible without getting his head sunburnt but still look good . 
Nice fabric and attractive color . 
Light color with good ventilation built into the fabric makes this great for warm weather wear . 
Good quality as always for Kangol hats 
I also bought a 507 model and have a review of it on here too . 
It feels like a nice , stylish , yet subtle way to keep our heads from sunburn . 
I also think I've found the perfect gifts for my bald uncles and grandpa . 
This is a well made and strong , intentionally tarnished sterling silver chain . 
I love these . 
After having great luck with the ExOfficio briefs , I had high hopes for these t-shirts . 
Unfortunately that isn't the case ... Normally I wear a medium Hanes-type t-shirt under my dress shirts or a large t-shirt if its to be worn alone for sports activities or bumming around . 
Yeck.So now I have $ 60 worth of useless t-shirts . 
I've loved their boxer briefs and recently purchased two shirts for a two week trip . 
I use them as undershirts , and they fit to size . 
I typically will wear large in a t-shirt ( the review says Hazel , but I'm the husband ) , but wear medium in undershirts . 
I'll be purchasing more . 
First , I love ExOfficio underwear . 
The shirt is comfortable , but it looks like you're wearing a mesh shirt . 
It's still a solid shirt.The XXL is a little more snug than the XXL Columbia or Mountain Hardware make . 
They made a great addition to my outfit for dapper day and I had tons of fun with them . 
i love them as they are not only well made and very sturdy but they look so good also when wearing them 
C'mon Perry , we do have other colored shirts requiring different colors . 
Metal tension buckle it nice and tough . 
So its a solid belt but would be so much better if it was not as wide . 
i like it so much they are lightweight and well made and very comfortable to wear day in and day out 
These were just what I wanted ... They fit me perfect and were comfortable ... THey lasted a long time as well as I needed to use them for a lot of different military type exercises 
They are roomy , and I love the ties at the pant leg . 
I used this while at work in my nursing home . 
I have to take it off when I'm not in clinicals because it ticks so loudly it drives me crazy in a quiet room.If it goes out I will definitely be purchasing another one ! 
Great fit , very comfy and cool colors . 
They have held up to the first several washes . 
A bit more expensive , but work it . 
Well made by Calvin Klein - - and these are my last words . 
I do not know what is special about these briefs . 
You can get a Hanes Men's Classics 7 Pack Full-Cut Brief for the same price as these 3 - pair Calvin Klein briefs . 
These Calvin Kleins are NOT tagless . 
They do not match the color of the briefs . 
I am happy with this choice , beautiful and very comfortable , the raw material was very excellent , thanks to the brand and thank you Amazon 
Love them , wish they were a little cheaper but - still good . 
look great on my husband and he loves them xoxoxo 
These are constructed better than the Jockey's that I bought for years . 
They fit great and come in grey . 
Calvin Klein never lets me down . 
I've been purchasing these T Shirts for many years and the've always been consistent in their quality . 
This feels SO nice and my husband gas been using as nightshirts with sweats and I love how soft they are . 
Size was excellent , the quality was high , very comfortable in confusion.Calvin Klein brand is well known and I would like to always wear this brand 
I must have tried different standard white v-necks as one medium seems to fit a lot tighter ( which is desired for an undershirt ) than others . 
Real nice undershirts . 
Soft and they are longer which helps them stay tucked in . 
Also , I started tucking my undershirts into my underwear to keep them tucked in . 
I just hate when the undershirt gets un-tucked and your dress shit does not . 
They wash up wear and the colors go with any pair of shorts . 
The fabric is a little thin , but I live in a warm climate and only wear them as undershirts . 
Especially if you wash in warm water and dry in a warm dryer . 
When I first bought these they were made from Egyptian Cotton - - PURE HEAVEN - - now , no more , but still VERY comfortable , My skin gets very itchy and some of my Other Brand undershirts have been pure agony - - but these Calvin Klein undershirts do NOT itch at all 
We washed them following the instructions and they did shrink a tiny bit , but that is expected with cotton . 
My husband is 6 ' tall and weighs about 290 pounds and we ordered the x-large . 
Hope that helps ! 
My new pack feels to be of the same quality as they keep their shape very well . 
Usually though , these are the best undershirts I've owned . 
I ordered the Medium size and they fit perfect . 
I used to be a large in everything , but now I am finding that large is way too big . 
If you are close to my size , order the Medium . 
Good quality , very suitable for my husband ! 
I bought this for my husband . 
It fits him well . 
While the jacket does not have a rich , expensive look , it does its job of keeping him warm in his very cold air conditioned office . 
What a great jacket comfortable soft and warm and it fits great also I like the pocket design with the zipper the pulls down to close just wish it had a inside pocket 
She loves this jacket and actually bought 3 more to give as gifts to the Sales people she works with . 
GREAT looking and warm fleece . 
I wear it everyday and its still looking great . 
I love fleece in cool weather and I love this jacket . 
It fits great and looks pretty good . 
It is warm and comfortable . 
Being somewhat well endowed ( 36D ) , I have never had a strapless bra that was anywhere near comfortable and provided the support I needed to be comfortable going strapless . 
This bra provides both of those things . 
Love it ! 
This bra is void of all padding , which is exactly what I was looking for since being 32D I don't need any help with looking bigger . 
I also like the silicone strip at the top which helps keep the bra in place . 
I usually wear a 36C but this one was not even close Fitting me ! 
I have never worn these ear muffs because they are too difficult to open . 
They keep getting twisted . 
It's too bad because they look like they would keep my ears warm . 
I have always had a problem finding hats that actually keep the cold wind off of my ears which is where I seem to get the coldest .. These ear muffs adjust easily for a perfect , comfortable fit . 
They are quite warm and seem pretty durable . 
They are great . 
It does not protect my face from sun and the white reflects the glare into my eyes . 
I've ordered these visors in years past and have used them for years . 
I finally had to get a new one , however , while the old ones were all one solid material , these are two materials laminated together and it doesn't seem to me that they will hold up as well . 
The color is fine . 
I had looked and looked for this color and finally found it , these are nice can be worn a couple ways over to the side or sliding it some to the back , I love it and it matches - true red well . 
Thanks 
Completely Satisfied with the Red Beret . 
Bought to wear Today ( Valentines Day ) . Bought to wear with red gloves too . 
Packaged well Good Quality Material Used.Fits Ok also . 
Pleased with the Color close to red gloves I purchased at the same time , butDifferent merchants . 
It's very warm and stylish . 
It is well made and has a nice style and design . 
Nice necklace 
Nice chain . 
I should have measured my neck before I bought it tho . 
The 14 " was way too small for me and I don't have a big neck or small neck . 
Just need to reorder a new one at a larger size . 
I ordered this as a chain for a pendant for my niece's birthday , but it arrived too late so I'm just keeping it in stock . 
It fits great for a 10 year old . 
With a natural H size cup , comfort and support do NOT always go hand in hand . 
With this bra , even shoulder pain is down to a minimum . 
As you probably know , most women overestimate band size , leading to ill-fitting bras . 
Considering that a supportive albeit prettier bra exists , such as a Prima Donna bra ( which I LOVE ) , or Le Mystere , this is a fraction of the cost.Hope this review helps , I highly recommend this for well endowed women . 
Bought this for my step son and he really likes it very much so I would recommend it ... It Works great ! 
This watch is just too small for me to wear , and I don't have big wrists.Otherwise its fine for the price . 
Nice design , good fit , and holds up well . 
My first UA polo and not my last , I really like the comfort and style . 
This wonderful piece of lingerie is comfortable enough to wear all day long , and yet look super sexy when revealed . 
I love playing Jezebel in this panty , and highly recommend it to you . 
i love them 
I already had a pair of these that I have owned for over ten years and are still in great shape , and decided to get a couple more to go with some Mary Jane shoes I bought . 
They fit nicely , the ruffle is super pretty and holds up after many washings . 
Unlike other ruffled ankle socks , the lace stays crisp and the nylon sock does not stretch out of shape and fall down . 
I love them ! 
Perfect for using for hiking or Vacation . 
Bought for the light factor for packing in suitcase for Air Travel . 
Also has a masculine look which will persuade my husband to use it . 
Purchased this for summer camp for my daughter - very good buy and it has held up well . 
Don't be fooled by what you read . 
It has a nice front zipper pocket , we keep child goggles , YMCA lock and a wallet and keys in there . 
Perfect for YMCA swim trips . 
As soon as it got a little damp , that lovely red dye ran all over whatever it touched . 
My granddaughter needed a good gym back as we were not able to find one locally . 
It is very sturdy , washes well , held up even for summer ! 
Good foot support and nice traction for on floors . 
Love wearing them around the house and they are fun enough to wear outside if I wanted . 
I love this ring so much I purchased again in a smaller size . 
No big deal , I used a micro fabric towel with pliers to bring it together . 
The way the amber comes out on the each end they light hits it and adds a glow . 
Great price , beautiful ring . 
I got this to use on my vacation to Ca this June with my husband and kids and it fits great 
Love this Sarong . 
It looks great on my girl whether tied at the waist , or above the breasts . 
If you want to wear it around your neck ... get a cover-up dress , not a Sarong or wrap . 
The colors are rich , and the wrap seems to be decent quality . 
I sent her out to get a plum purple pedicure to match the purple hibiscus flowers , and also purchased the black & purple New Balance women's WMN Rev II Flip Flops . 
The size is great which allows many ways to wear it . 
It also washes well . 
Great quality and awesome colors ! 
I love this purchase ! 
This one is particularly soft and breezy feeling , and I'm sure it will work great as a coverup on my upcoming honeymoon . 
It fit as expected and is warm and comfortable . 
I like the color and it is great for wearing when you are just hanging out in the house . 
It is very absorbent and warm . 
It is also very thick . 
This robe JUST fits me . 
I would have been more comfortable if it would have been a little larger . 
This would not be a good robe for a man . 
Robe fits well , its very warm and comfortable . 
I LOVE this robe ! 
I purchased this to replace my 15 year old , tattered , worn out Hyatt Hotel robe . 
It washes great , it's fluffy and so comfortable . 
Super cheap , great quality , great timekeeping and very rugged ! 
I only use automatics and i love this one ! 
And in my job accuracy is youre life ! 
There is only one real negative with this watch , the rubber strap is pure s * * * ! 
The lume is great , even though i dont care about lume , I always have a light on my helmet anyway so every one talking about how important lume is , is just retarded , you always have lights ! 
This watch does not have hacking seconds or hand winding but again , , you dont need them ! 
Its plenty accurate very legible , the dive bezel is perfect with minute markers all the way around so I can see when its time to decompress and hit the tv lounge ! ! 
The watch is gorgeous . 
I bought this watch in early 2004 and it is just as solid and beautiful as the day I bought it over ten years ago . 
Not like ten years is some enormous amount of time , but any big watch guy knows that's quite a while to hang on to a timepiece . 
I ordered it via Amazon when I was at Fort Huachuca , AZ for Army training and I wore it in Iraq for a 12 - month tour . 
After that I wore it less often , but not because of any specific issue , I just moved on to the newest and coolest watch . 
Anyway , I recently rediscovered this Seiko masterpiece in my case and I am really glad I have it still . 
Unlike the current issue model , mine has a Seiko Singapore movement , rather than a Malaysian movement . 
But in both cases , my understanding is that the watch is assembled in Japan using the same movement . 
So the precise origin of the movement's construction may not be a big deal . 
Anyway , mine keeps great time , given its cost . 
Obviously , it can't keep pace with a Casio Solar Atomic model , which is another favorite of mine , but it still is pretty accurate . 
And whatever concern you may have over the inherent inaccuracy of Seiko automatics versus general quartz movements , I will say that the absolute aesthetic beauty of this watch greatly outweighs them . 
From the robust case width and bold color scheme to the jubilee band and fit and finish , this model is a clear win . 
I highly recommend it to anyone seeking a classic retro diver look . 
Accurate in keeping time , great looks , has been mistaken for those VERY high end " Aviator's " Chronograph's , Get compliments on it each time I wear it , which pleases my darling wife to no end ! 
I'm a fan of Invicta watches , having owned three . 
All have been of fine quality , the only " knock " on this brand being that most of their models are far too big for my wrist . 
) I owned the coin-edged bezel model of this watch previously , and decided to buy this model as the price as always was great , and the appearance is way above average . 
I swim and snorkel ( but don't scuba dive ) , and prefer a 200m watch for these activities.The 8926 is a great combination of a timepiece suitable for outdoor activities as well as business or dress wear . 
The Rolex-clone appearance lends itself for wearing at work or with a suit . 
The band is solid , but not too heavy.My two criticisms of the 8926 are these : 1 . 
The fold-over safety clasp , while a great security feature , is extremely difficult to open . 
Since I own quite a few watches , and this requires winding daily , it can be a bit of a hassle to reset it , but that's what you get with an automatic.All in all , great watch for the price . 
I look forward to years of service from this one as with my previous Invictas . 
You have to handle it to appreciate how solid and ' quality ' it feels on your wrist.Tip : the bezel here is not the exact Rolex copy ; this bezel is scalloped , like an Omega . 
The Rolex has a coin-edge bezel ( like a US dime's edge ) , and that Invicta model is the " 8926OB " model . 
not a good watch because it took water inside the watch during hands washing . 
The watch was great for months until the pieces that held the band gave away so I bought new ones other than that is great for that price 
I own three invicta watches and love them all ! 
I bought this watch for myself and it is sooo beautiful in my wrist ! 
Another beauty from Invicta ! ! ! 
Invicta quality is amazing . 
My husband wears it almost every day and has had it for over a year and it still looks great , runs great . 
I got this for my husband as a gift . 
It's been working great and he gets a lot of compliments on it . 
While this was a good price and the build quality seemed great for the price , I returned this after a few days . 
You would be wise to shop around , and Amazon is a great place . 
In any case , I highly recommend Amazon and will always patronize this company . 
Finally received a reply from Invicta customer service after two weeks . 
For international shipping charges may vary and money needs to be converted into U . S . dollars.Include a note describing the malfunction , as well as an email address for swifter response times.Include a return address , daytime telephone number and e-mail address.Be sure to insure the watch with the shipper.If your watch is not cover under INVICTA warranty , you will be charged for the repair cost.We warrant each repair for one year . 
The warranty applies to that repair only.Prices do not include sales tax.Please DO NOT include your Gift Box when sending in your watch for service . 
I have a small thorax and elastic always wears out fast and then the back rides up , but this one is cotton and stays put . 
It has under wires , but they are on top of the bra , not next to your skin . 
Gives a very perky look . 
I was worried about the non-adjustable straps , but they are perfect and don't slip and loosen like the adjustable ones . 
This is the fourth Lilly sprots bra I bought . 
This one fit is tighter than usual . 
Just aren't true to size . 
This bra is great . 
I honestly use it daily and not just for workouts . 
It is perfect for walking in our Florida heat . 
Wasn't sure about this bra when I received it , not realizing the underwire was on the outside . 
It works well , doesn't completely minimize movement , but it is comfortable to wear . 
I don't ever want to have pointy boobs , especially when I'm working out . 
Love this sports bra so much I have it in 2 colors ! 
Fits very true to size and have been very happy with both bras so far ! 
I like the straps ; I like the outside wire ; I like the separation ; I would like to be able to breathe , though . 
SO bummed out that these straps aren't adjustable , which means after a few uses and then washers , the straps will become even looser and offer no support at all . 
The wire on this bra may be on the outside but it still dug into my in cage . 
I don't like the sides of the bra - they are very thick / tall - where your normal bra has sides that are only an inch or two , this is more like three or more and makes me feel stodgy and fat . 
Not as flattering as some of my other sports bras . 
I didn't realize I couldn't adjust the straps , that's my fault . 
I've worn this bra as an everyday bra for a few years now and I like it because it is very reasonably priced , provides great support , is durable and gives a nice look under clothes . 
When I received it , I found the band EXTREMELY tight . 
Surprisingly , the band of the 36D was also tight on the last set of hooks . 
Not TOO tight I decided , as a little more tightness gives some extra lift and support and after wearing and washing the elastic will have some more give . 
I have found that to be true and I am happy with it and will buy another one . 
I'm an avid skier and outdoors woman's . 
I like to look like a woman when I am out there . 
Keeps your warm and is thin and soft ! 
This shirt fits true to size , is warm but not too warm , and the colors are gorgeous I have bought several of these shirts and will probably buy more . 
I normally wear a 12 , sometimes 14 , and the large fits just fine . 
I WAS NOT HAPPY , IT WASN'T THE QUALITY , THAT WAS FINE , IT WAS IN MENS CLOTHING AND BARLEY MY 5 YR OLD NEPHEW . 
And it's been a good choice . 
These things are warm and comfortable . 
The fit is good , although maybe just a tad bit large . 
Which is a good thing , since it allows me to wear briefs under these . 
Between the briefs and the natural properties of wool , I can usually wear these for several days in a row without any smell . 
High quality and very comfortable . 
Will buy it for my father because he uses to wear bottoms during the winter . 
I had to go on a weekend camping trip to northwest wisconsin with my son in January where we were going to be outside most of the day . 
The temperature dropped to - 5 , but these and a pair of wool pants kept my legs warm the entire time . 
I was worried that they would be itchy , but they are very smooth and did not itch at all . 
these proved to be very soft , comfortable , and warm , i highly recommend these for cold legs ! 
i threw these on under my pants and when combined with my fleece and softshell tops i was quite comfortable sitting idle in the cold , still air . 
these are quite a bit more pricey but worth it especially if you can nab them on sale . 
These kept me warm all winter in MN , coldest winter in forever . 
I bought these as a costume prop and they were great . 
I love this , great for cosplays . 
this watch is beautiful one . 
be careful if you do not like big watches.because this one is so big but good watch 
I purchased as a gift for my husband and he loves this watch . 
He is fond of Invicta watches and this one did not disappoint ! 
It's width is perfect but it is longer than I'd anticipated . 
Even so , it's easily comfortable enough if you're just wearing it as a slipper . 
92 year old mom wanted something with a little heel and perfect fit . 
These sandals are safe and comfortable for her . 
It is not . 
The logo is stitched on fine , its super soft and comfortable , its a good length , and its licensed merchandise . 
So for about 18 $ its a good enough scarf , though it is not lambs wool as it so states two times .. 
There is a little Harry Potter tag in Chinese but since the scarf was made in China it made sense.So , onto the scarf itself . 
It is wide and thick , which is perfect because it will definitely keep you warm . 
The colors are accurate . 
It is actually embroidered and the colors are rich . 
It's sure to stand out and make a statement.Overall , this scarf is very accurate and just so soft ! 
Bought this as part of the costume but it would be great by itself . 
We all had fun on Halloween and this was a great purchase , not a cheap plaice tie 
I really wanted to see how it holds up quality-wise and whether it my son is interested in it weeks later . 
Well , this is a winner for us ! 
:-) This suit has been washed at least a dozen times since I bought it and it held up just fine , - still looks like new from the dryer ! 
I highly recommend it ! 
no way would I call these " panties . " But the waist doesn't roll down , the bottoms don't ride up and you hardly know they're there . 
I ordered 2 pair of different sizes , one the actual size I usually wear and the other a size smaller . 
They were both way too large . 
The color is lovely . 
I've worn this style of Vanity Fair for years and don't like any other brand . 
They are comfortable though , so I'm happy . 
After slipping into these panties I didn't want to take them off . 
There so comfortable and feminine looking . 
Comfort and beauty sometimes don't go together but these panties are the best I have been using them for many years and they last a century , lol well I got some from Vanity Fair for 10 years and they haven't lost the elasticity on the waist and legs . 
Wash after wash they look the same . 
They are very comfortable and light . 
The banding around the legs is sized well , unlikesome other brands that will be too small or shrink.The lining is cotton , so no danger of collecting moisture . 
Well made and I love the fabric .. 
I'll keep ordering these . 
This panty is smooth and slimming and holds up to many washings without showing wear . 
comfort and beauty sometimes don't go together but these panties are the best I have been using them for many years and they last a century , lol well I got some from Vanity Fair for 10 years and they haven't lost the elasticity on the waist and legs . 
Wash after wash they look the same . 
Great panty . 
Comfortable , light , feels great and washes up great . 
Panty lasts a long time without the usual problems I've found in most other panties . 
Nice fit although I've ordered these before and the material is very different . 
Good color , good fit , but too much elastic v skin contact . 
Delivery was fine . 
Nice and smooth . 
Good quality . 
Fit was great . 
Washes good and comes out great . 
I bought some of these a while back an i loved the fit , the feel , and the way they clean up . 
So i bought myself somemore of them , also they are very comfy . 
I have a lot of extra stuff going on in my behind and these panties fit nicely without making my back side look like it belongs to a hippo . 
They are always true to size , the waist band and color and hold up to washing over and over without much shrinkage . 
They do however leave a little bit of a panty line , and is more noticeable if you wear slacks or spandex ( in which case a thong works best anyway ) , but i wear jeans for work everyday so it's not as noticeable ; who really cares anyway ? 
I'm very glad I did because they fit perfectly and they do not ride up at ALL during the day , even with my very tight jeans . 
Additionally , my husband commented on them * immediately * as he thought they were extremely sexy ! ! 
I wear a Victoria's Secret medium and the same is true for these Vanity Fair panties . 
I love these sleek undies . 
They fit perfectly , they don't ride up , somehow . 
I love the silky fabric , too . 
I wear a size 4 pant usually so I ordered a small . 
They work , they're not uncomfortable , so I'll keep them but wish I would have known . 
even though I ordered red and they sent me black with polka dots I liked it . 
I got the red and it's sexy . 
Now the lace ones , those are really beautiful and comfortable . 
I do not recommend these for everyone . 
Not for anyone who works out . 
These socks do NOT fit as knee socks . 
I gave them all to my daughter , rather than go through the hassle of returns , etc . 
It still fit me okay and comfortably and provide enough warmth with out being so bulky . 
It has a nice knit design . 
But when I laundered and dried it in the washer and drier , it shrunk quite a bit . 
This slip fits well , and the length is just above the knee , so it's a good length for business wear . 
More importantly , the fabric is perfect . 
On this slip , the fabric is sturdy but not clingy , so it stays where it should and serves its purpose . 
It also launders well - it's a no-drama , serves-its-function slip . 
I'm 5 ' 4 " and 120 pounds , and this slip is the perfect length for me . 
It fits comfortably and was a good price . 
Perfect for what I was looking for . 
If it helps , I am 5 ' 8 " tall and and usually take a size 10 in pants and a 12 in dresses and I ordered the slip in size " Large " . 
Like I said , perfect ! 
It is the perfect size , not to mention super cute . 
This watch is great ! 
I love my Casio watch . 
It looks awesome and works great . 
Look at the price ! 
I've had TImex watches for years . 
This has a more attractive look . 
it was a gift for my girlfriend ; when she opened the was surprise and happy for her new watch , she love it 
These are cute and very comfortable . 
The goggles are padded all around the edges , so they are very comfortable and never start to hurt . 
You can see through them pretty well , but I mostly wore them on my forehead . 
Comfortable . good back support . 
easy to wash . ill buy another one later . 
I purchased this bra based on the reviews .. does not come close . 
I bought better from Romans.This bra does not support your breast at all . 
Supportive , soft , comfortable otherwise . 
I should have gotten a size up for the band because it digs in to my skin and it's really hard to get all of the front latches hooked . 
Once it's on though it does help my posture and minimizes my chest , but it's uncomfortable where it digs in . 
I think it has to be tight to be supportive and so the band doesn't flip up or slide alot . 
Lets see how it fits , maybe buying some more . 
One thing I really liked about it was that I was not constantly adjusting my straps and pulling the back band down . 
Really comfortable and breathable . 
I normally love the Ahh Bra By Rhonda Shear , it is very comfy but offers little support and modesty.The Exquisite form bra looks and feels great , but the only drawbacks are : Fits tight ; see below for recommendations for fitFront closure is difficult for people who may have arthritis.The plus sides : see below for recommendationsI enjoy working in the garden , fishing , horseback riding , hiking , etc . 
and wanted a bra with some support for these activities.The bra is 100 % cotton with some spandex in the band area . 
For ladies that are well endowed and do not want to " let it all hang out " this is a great alternative . I recommend this bra for those women who are well endowedWant modesty without paddingNeed back support and breast support for activitiesWant cool cotton for summer or for hot yoga activites 
I live in Houston so when the summer heat hits I prefer loose clothing for work . 
The fit was perfect for my needs . 
Very comfortable slip , no slipping straps . 
I wear size 12 but am broad in the rib cage and a 40 fits perfectly . 
Fabric is soft and the slip is perfect under sheer summer dresses . 
Hits right above my knee . 
Plus it's nice to have it to wear while doing hair and make up . 
Also , the adjustable part of the strap is in the front ( when it should be in the back ( like on a bra ) ) . 
I am not going to send them back because of shipping costs ; I will just give them to a charity . 
I liked the fabric because I thought it would not cling to whatever I wore over it . 
They are comfortable and do what I need them to do: help with the sheerness of most of my dresses and help with thigh rub . 
I started wearing pettipants when I lived in a very hot climate . 
My thighs have always rubbed together even at my thinnest . 
These pants are a life saver when I want to wear skirts and dresses in the summer . 
When I ordered beige , I was expecting more of a flesh or tan color , but that's not what it is . 
For reference , I ordered a medium , and my waist is about 30 " and my hips are about 35 " 
Beautiful sexy gown . 
I love the colour and fit . 
A good choice and my husband loves it too ! 
My husband thought it was very sexy style . 
It's a nice quality nylon that will hold up well as long as you wash with delicate cycle on washing machine ! 
I love them ! 
This the perfect silky , lacy negligee . 
While this covers a lot of skin , the bodice is entirely see-through . 
Wearing this around the house is luxurious and sexy for you and your partner . 
I am used to buying vintage sizes , and this is definitely not in those sizes . 
I also purchased in red . 
Nice but cheaply made kind of sexy and very sheer . 
This nightgown fits perfect ! 
It is a bit long for me but it is so comfortable I could wear it all day long on the lounge day ! 
My husband can't take his eyes from me when I wear this . 
The lace over the bodice makes me feel like a rich slice of wedding cake . 
By far the prettiest , sexiest , most simple and most comfortable gown I've ever owned . 
Now it fits fine . 
I love the way this nighty accentuates my waistline and breasts . 
Perfect for pear shapes . 
I am 5 ' 4 " and currently 140lbs ( working my way back down to 123 ) . 
I ordered a small , and it fits very well . 
Due to the stretchiness of the lace , I believe the gown and robe will still fit very well when I lose the extra lbs . 
The gown and robe are absolutely beautiful , very flattering , and amazing comfortable . 
Love the floral , so bright and cheery I found it runs a little large but not enough to send back , 
I loved this robe . 
Pretty fabric , light and comfortable to wear for warm weather . 
Fair price = I only wish it came in a dozen different fabrics and I'd buy a couple more . 
The zipper is plastic , not a sturdy metal one . 
I do not know why no one has mentioned this before . 
Later she came back to me and told me she kind of wished she had the brown . 
Especially if you are planning an extended vacation . 
I bought her a medium . 
The medium fit perfect . 
The color is a very rich burgandy color.The robe came in the expected time . 
It was well packed and well made . 
Rich looking . 
Lovely smocking on the top front . 
The fit is great and it actually has " full coverage ! " Gilligan O'Malley nursing bras from Target call thier nursing bra a " full coverage " bra , but my nursing breasts always fell out of the cup , to the point that I could not wear the bra without wearing a cami to hold myself together . 
This bra is great ! 
This bra might have been nice if I was able to use it . 
I find that 36 is still too large around the ribs , but the cups fit . 
Plus , as other reviews reported , it does not fold down very far for nursing . 
Not the right bra for me . 
` Even if you are full with milk , the cups are way larger than expected . 
Take the cup size down a notch when ordering this one . 
Great value ! 
After wearing the first one , I bought two more.The cup size runs a little small but the shape is great ! 
( I'm in36DDD ) The full inner sling is a must-have for nursing moms with larger breasts . 
I can bend over again ! Highly recommended ! 
I found this camisole to be tight with not much stretch , and more transparent than shown in the picture . 
Also it is quite long , so did not work as a camisole to wear under a shirt , which is what I wanted . 
I use them under polos at work . 
The under wire does not cut in . 
I usually prefer no wire but this works well and I have worn the bra for 12 hours without any problems . 
This bra is not only beautiful , but fits wonderfully ! ! 
I can across this wonderful bra quite by accident . 
I highly recommend this bra . 
I used Olga's scale for bra measurement . 
I have yet to wash said bra , when I do will use Delicate on warm.dorothy 
It's not an everyday bra , but it's great for the occasions you need a little more coverage . 
I have a large chest & this holds everything in and up and looks great . 
Definitely worth the price , I plan to purchase more in other colors . 
I love this bra ! 
I own several of these bras in different colors . 
It is extremely comfortable and works well with my work dresses , but it is very thin . 
Bought to wear under my low cut tops , I wear a 38 D and I bought a 38DD since others said it ran a bit small it fit me prefect and this bra was real comfy to me so a bought an other color while they were on sale ! 
Not for older women . 
And the lace felt scratchy anyway . 
Love these bra's . 
Especially now that it is summer and getting hotter , lessens the need to wear a tank top under all but the deepest v necks . 
Not too high that it goes over the top of regular non v neck shirts either . 
This is a totally different formulation or blend of the STF fabric and it didn't shrink the same amount or was a different pattern . 
Still a good jean but it's a shame they aren't all the same . 
Hi , I'm 48YO man , I have used all styles of Levi's since a was a teenager , and after 15 years I bought again a pair 501 STF rigid blue . 
It was nice to me to live again the experience of shrinking before wearing it , the fit after is unique . 
I love it ! . 
These jeans do not retain their color and after and after one wash they shrunk so tight that I can no longer fit them and have had them less than a month . 
There is not enough time to see if the item is satisfactory because I tried them on and then did not wear them until 2 1/2 weeks later . 
I have no trouble wearing any brand 32x32 jeans , but these shrink to fit 32x32 are way too small , too tight . 
Not recommended . 
I had Christmas ordering issues , so ended up with 2 pair for the price of one since they didn't arrive in time for Christmas . 
Both pair too small . 
Returned both pair , and got credit for only one . 
The jeans are a nice color and fit good . 
It takes a couple washes to make the jeans fit right , so I just wash them a couple times right when I get them . 
It takes a couple of washings until these jeans fit right . 
They fit great & are very durable . 
I bought these as a gift for my dad , and they fit great ! 
Wore 501 ' s when I was growing up and have always wanted a pair as an adult . 
Glad I was able to find them again . 
Bought for my husband whose jeans size is 30x30 and he found it to be too small . 
I have worn 40x30 Dockers for years . 
When these arrived , they fit fine , requiring some expansion of the waist band - - I returned the larger pair . 
I absolutely love these jeans , they go very well with a blue blazer and dress shoes , not to mention shirt and tie . 
Great fit . 
True to size . 
Very comfortable . 
I was very happy with jeans bought from " Elite Hero company " Perfect all around . 
I like the fit and they are comfortable always . 
good color and good cut . 
youthful and modern line.waist size and leg length perfect . 
good quality.after several washings maintains shape and color.highly recommendedThank you . 
Bought two different sizes , but on both pair , my thighs bulge out as if I'm wearing yoga pants . 
Not unlike your typical yoga pants that ladies wear . 
Not for me . 
I've seen the picture of the members of Journey taken together sporting ill fitting and tight contraption like jeans from the late 70 ' s . 
My teen son is not a fan of the skinny jeans , but he is tall and thin . 
( 28X32 ) These fit him nicely . 
Not skin tight , but not all baggy either . 
They look good and wash and dry well , I didn't notice much change in size after washing . 
Great color choices too . 
I am not a slim frame individual , but I manage my weight ; these pants give me the slim look I was looking for . 
Great price too ! 
Fits great . 
The back pocket is where it is suppose to be and not way down the leg . 
Love them . 
These are the best fitting jeans I have found . 
These look good , fit good , wash well , and are my husband's favorite go to jeans . 
Could not stop commenting on the comfort and look . 
I've worn them camping , boating , etc and they've held up great . 
I'll definitely be buying another pair of 511s . 
Levi's Men's 508 Slim Tapered Jean , British Khaki , 34x30 fits below the waist . 
It's not as baggy as normal jeans but its not slim fit like 511 . 
I took a chance with these Levi's 511 jeans and I am sooooo happy that I did ! ! 
- - Well I am healthy alright ! 
Now at 216 lbs I feel huge ! ! 
I hate that damn scale ! ! ) 
hahahahahaha - - - anyway - - - I have been shedding a few pounds here and there but it is only affecting my upper parts . 
- - Well these are really not that skinny . 
They feel great ! ! 
They look nice on as well as feeling nice . 
The tough part was wearing them in front of my kids - - - I have 3 very opinionated kids in their early teens to early 20 ' s . 
- - - So now its time to shed a little more upstairs and go hit the stage - again ! ! 
i didn't like the color on the light poly personally , but they are levis and they are cool so im sure somebody out there likes em 
I had some of this style Jockeys from back in the daywhen we still made stuff . 
My husband had switched to boxers but he always hated them and wanted the fit and comfort of a brief . 
So I bought him these and he is so happy now . 
He says it holds everything right where it should , and comfortable . 
While some people aren't comfortable with this type of pouch it works for me . 
Only odd thing is the color modeled is gray and the only colors that I've seen available are black and white . 
Nice looking and stylish . 
I have always loved Cole Haan shoes , quality , fit , style . 
They always wore like iron . 
Recently ordered a pair for my husband . 
They were too small , too tight , not as well made , and - oh , by the way - made in India . 
I love ordering products when I know the size and quality are consistent . 
These shoes were wonderful and the quality outstanding . 
This shoe has a great quality to it ! 
Love the fit and look . 
It has held up to a lot of wear and still looks new 
shipping was timely and would do business again . 
I got these belts for my husband . 
They are great quality and the design on them are absolutely amazing . 
The pictures do not do them justice . 
the colors are more muted in real life , but still looks nice . 
Shoes come a bit large so you gotta really be careful when you walk so they don't slip off . 
I have a solid size 8 foot . 
In a select few sandals , a size 7 1/2 The slipper did not fit right , tight - and had to be returned . 
it isn't wide enough ! 
This is my 3rd pair . 
I love these slippers . 
They are SO soft and the padding in them is great . 
These are a second pair ordered . 
I also got the Cheetah print pair . 
Both fit great , are comfortable and look beautiful . 
I've purchased dozens over the years and wear them to rags . 
The terry fabric keeps my feet warm but it is " breathable " so my feet stay comfortable . 
Isotoner has one of the thickest most padded soles I've found which means I can wear them comfortably all day . 
My experience with buying shoes on Amazon is that just selecting a different color can effect the quality and sizing . 
Fits great , comfortable , easy to wash . 
these are great slippers . 
very happy . 
I'm an 8.5 and they are just slightly large but perfect if i want to have socks underneath . 
very happy with my purchase and plan to get more . 
They are nice practical slippers that I wear everyday around the house . 
Liked the quality for the price I paid 
These attractive and comfortable slippers were reasonably priced . 
These have a very thick cushion of that memory foam type stuff . 
Why do they make women's pants with these tiny little pockets ? 
The pants are true to color and a perfect length . 
They feel wonderful . 
The color was perfect , same as the picture . 
I would still recommend them to others , I'll get get a bigger size . 
Thank goodness I found the style I prefer on Amazon . 
I'm a bit surprised that so many people are confused by the texture they've received here , but I am not surprised that they're confused they received it . 
The Dane finish is part of Levi's " WATER | LESS " finishing process and is waxed . 
It's a highly sought after finish which can be ruined or washed away and normally is only recommended for spot cleaning and not regular washing machine washing . 
They don't wear any " hotter " or seal dampness in any more than regular jeans , and simply have a unique sheen to them that is trendy , and probably wouldn't be considered a ' daily wear ' pair of jeans . I am on a huge hunt for this finish because it's my new favorite thing . 
I don't know why Levi's isn't more direct about this finish because it surprises some , and isn't easy enough to find for others . 
They have enough of a rubber sole that you can walk around camp even when it's damp and get good traction on any rocks , but are light enough you're never tempted not to bring them along . 
Great way to ditch your hiking boots after a long trail day . 
These have always been my favorite shoe and I have owned several pairs of this shoes over the last 20 years ( in black , navy and white ) and have always loved them . 
This shoe is perfect with pants or skirts and I found them comfortable to work in all day . 
I also own this shoe from a brand call Partners ( winter white , camel and brown ) and they have the plastic sole but then they only cost $ 19.99 and I am no longer able to find them . 
I ordered both pair in my regular size and one fit fine and the other pair not only had a chip in the front of the plastic sole but also fit snug across the instep and the leather wanted to curl under . 
I did keep one pair even though they have the plastic sole as it rains a lot in the northwest and they fit fine . 
Top quality all the way , leather inside and out , totally on trend and sizing always consistent . 
I do not wear sneakers , not my style , never was . 
Recently I have sustained multiple spine fractures and any of these shoes are my go to everyday and typically I am on my feet all day . 
Tried to widen them but did not work . 
It fits pretty well and does not show much if any cleavage and that is what I was striving for . 
After I received the suit I realized I did not read the description well enough . 
It adds traction to the soles and no more skidding and sliding ! 
Nice and large . 
Pull buoy , paddles , and fins also fit . 
Very bright color ! 
So nice I almost forget that it's on . 
Silky smooth feeling and freedom of movement allows me to perform my physical therapy in the pool with ease . 
I am not modest by any means . 
I'm not a fan of too much clothing whiles swimming . I think that I will find myself wearing these to the beach , but have a pair of nylon shorts with pockets to put on over them when I need to wonder closer to the crowds . 
Happy with the purchase . 
No worries though , the wife loved them with the darker color . 
this pair of earrings is actually a little larger than the ones I had purchased at the mall so I was delighted to have them slightly larger . 
They look elegant . 
I wanted some nice hoops that look good anytime . 
They are small , but have just enough sparkle that they look good with jeans or a nice dress . 
I will enjoy them anyway . 
Had it for a couple years now works great will buy another when this one wears out .. Love the fact it's not on my wrist 
I think Wigwam socks are uniformly comfortable and well made . 
They are reasonably priced , and I appreciate that they are made in the USA . 
These socks are very comfortable , especially around the toes , a troublesome spot for many socks , they don't slip ( yet don't feel constricting , ) and dry out quickly . 
I think these socks are a compelling value , and I plan to buy more . 
These are an excellent fit and very comfortable for an active 73 year old . 
They was and dry perfectly , take up little room in drawer or to pack for a trip . 
Love them . 
These are so comfortable that I don't even know I have them on . 
I should have bought one size smaller but they work . 
I have had softer , less bulky cotton briefs that I found much more comfortable than these . 
They are not slimming and can not be worn under my form-fitting pants or jeans - Just too much bulk . 
As long as I am standing and not moving , they are fine . 
Elastic digs in and makes briefs look like grandma panties . 
This was a Xmas gift and he said they fit great and he likes that they are tagless . 
Very comfortable and great fit would order again . 
I bought these for my son in law because he spends much of his time outdoors in snow and normal socks weren't getting the job done . 
I bought these socks because I can't keep my feet warm , and they seem to be doing the trick . 
I will definitely buy more ! 
Very nice pants , wanted to have one for years , but in my Panis originals are not achieved , so highly recommend them , they are to last for many years.Muy buen pantalon , deseaba tener uno desde hace años , pero en mi pañis no se consiguen los originales , por lo que los recomiendo ampliamente , son para durar muchos años . 
Great , high quality jeans and very reasonably priced . 
I HAVE BEEN BUYING THIS BRAND JEAN FOR MANY YEARS AND AM VERY SATISFIED WITH THEM . 
THE PRICE IS RIGHT AND THEY ARRIVED AS EXPECTED AND IN PERFECT SHAPE . 
FIT GREAT . 
I like this brand and also the Lee brand . 
I've never found a Levi that was particularly comfortable , but that just means that my preferences are what they are . 
They do not , however , fit the same as my last pair of Wranglers . 
Mine were the stonewashed variety , I bought my normal size and even after a few washings they still fit perfect . 
Whatever that means . 
They have a perfect fit for his slim hips , and skinny legs . 
He's always been tall and slim , and now that he's a teenager , it's hard to find jeans so small . 
These have a perfect fit without being clingy . 
They wash well , and don't require ironing . 
These jeans have always fit me great and I will be ordering them from Amazon again . 
It's always great not to have to find a store nearby that carries Wrangler Jeans . 
There are so many jeans on the market , after much trying , Wrangler quality and style works best for me . 
These fit great and look good too . 
These seem to be good quality , but had to return due to not being quite right . 
I was a Levis 501 shrink-to-fit diehard for a while , but with the sudden Levi Strauss departure into political stances and a decline in manufacture quality , I started searching for alternatives . 
What I was looking for was a jean with history of being a work pant , a piece of Americana . 
Not designer . 
Not $ 100 + for a pair.Wrangler cowboy cut hits all of those notes , and has a great price as well . 
Wranglers are sanforized , 501 STF are not . 
Levis 501 STF use a singe stich in the inside leg seam . 
Crotch stitching on the Wranglers is not up to Levis quality , but pocket stitching on Levis is not up to Wrangler quality . 
Wranglers retain the classic copper rivets on the rear pockets , and use less orange stitching overall for more of a dungaree look . 
I don't mind it , but many people do . 
These pants have a tall rise , are tight through the legs , and flare a bit at the bottom to accommodate boots . 
If you have extremely muscular or fat quads , or a big belly , these pants are not for you . 
It's a cheesy little piece of plastic , not even leather . 
Just cut it off.Overall , a great raw denim jean for very little dough . 
Nice 1950 ' s style cowboy picture on the tag . 
My husband was pleased with these jeans and is wearing them now . 
They fit as expected , although one of the two pair fits a bit tighter in the waist than the other . 
This was a good deal . 
He was able to tighten it while he shrank but the pants didn't . 
You'll not only appreciate this stretch belt on Thanksgiving after an enormous meal , but year round ! 
Quality is excellent . 
I have several in different colors and would definitely purchase again . 
It is truly stunning and easy to put on ; meaning it gives you room because it stretches . 
best nice nightgown robe that is not trashy ... very elegant .. feels great ... will probably get more . 
nice summer time robethank you 
Obviously not an appropriate robe for company , it's still intimate although more conservative than most things . 
I do love the elegance and flattering design . I purchased this with a complimenting gown from the same line , but in a different color so the contrast would be outstanding underneath the robe when walking about as the skirt flairs open in the center to show the gown underneath . 
It is a very nice robe but it runs about a size too big , and does not have enough buttons . 
I love the grippies they keep him from slipping on my hardwood floors and they are a crew sock so they don't slip down in his shoes . 
Nice bright colors too . 
These are great no slip socks . 
If they were not to small it would be ok . 
I usually wear a medium fit which was what I ordered but they are just to small . 
Could give higher rating if not for that fact . 
I never bought this brand before , but they fit just a well as most others I have purchased . 
This is my first pair of tight swimming shorts . 
Fits perfectly . 
I have always steered far away from " speedos " of any stripe , but these are a great option.These " jammer shorts " are streamlined to your body , but have a somewhat thick lining and are not uh " revealing " as other speedos might be . 
These two cuts are very similar , however , there is enough of a difference that the suit doesn't fit as well as the style I'm accustomed to . 
When it comes to briefs , swimmers seem to find a cut / style that works best for them , and stick to it.Other than that , it's a great ' Speedo . ' 
The sides are wider than some Nike / TYR / etc suits . 
I usually wear at 34 " in TYR ( comfortable ); these I ordered in 32 " and are tiny and snug . 
I bought these for both swimming and for working out as I find them more comfortable that most compression shorts . 
If your swimming this style looks better but I found the model with the seam in the front more comfortable . 
Make sure you order two sizes up from the current speedo size that you wear . 
These are intended to be a couples sizes bigger . 
You always ordered a good 2 sizes larger . 
Fits like a dream . 
I bought this dress for a wedding ( worn by the Mother of the Groom ) and let me say it is absolutely perfect ! 
It also includes a beautiful shawl . 
Works fine . 
Something does not work like it to and this item does work well really nice can put bracelet on with this very easy to use 
This bracelet buddy is great for helping with putting on bracelets . 
It is definitely not worth $ 10 but I could not find it in any stores . 
It is a bit different to get used to and the first few times it may take you just as long if you were to put on a bracelet without help , but overall it is a great idea . 
This is nice I bought it for my daughter-in-law . 
Not any more . 
If you like Izod , these are fine . 
These pants are huge and very baggy . 
They are also not made very well with stray strings sticking out everywhere . 
As for me , I like my pants to have a nice cut to them that is flattering . 
These tees are very well made medium weight very comfortable roomy too . 
Love these over-sized T's . 
I wear these T's with light summer vest , some I wear with lots of pearl or chain necklaces . 
I set it and have not touched it since other than DST one hour changes . 
Took it out and it was still within four seconds of my atomic radio wall clock ! The look , color , detail , fit and finish on this Eco-drive is beautiful . 
The ocean blue face color is very unique and is best appreciated in the bright light of the sun . 
The band is very solid and comfortable . 
It is a substantial watch on the wrist but it's sleek and does not slide around , pull your hair or cause any discomfort . 
I sure have my eye on the Eco-drive Diver to go with my two Seiko Monsters but this one keeps me happy in the meantime ! 
Like solar-powered watch eliminates the trouble to go when the price of the battery is also cheap and accurate Good 
The price was good and the quality seems fine . 
He felt it ran a bit large so put it in the wash immediately to tighten it up ( I got him a ' medium ' and he wanted it more snug than loose ) . 
He is about 5 ' 8 1/2 and 169 lbs if that helps on sizing , with a decent sized ( but not super large ) chest and fairly narrow waist ( 32 ) . 
fits good , looks good , wears well ... Very well made also ... these are the best most comfortable work out shirts of all ! ! 
nice . 
It fits very well to the body . 
I love my husband more when you use this shirt . 
I liked the quality of the fabric ! ! 
i ordered a large but it is to big , its cotton , looks an feels comfortable and just the arm hole is to big 
He's wearing them , just not really happy with the " side breezes " . 
First off , the picture shows a nice looking sleeveless shirt that's snug around your shoulders and arm pits . 
Love it 
Great shirt for running around , beach or use at the gym . 
Typically not fond on RA clothing because I tops a little more form fitting but for the price these can't be beat . 
I ordered a large and it fits just right - not to loose , too tight , or too short . 
if your skin is bronze like mine ( from the island bronze ) you will wear these babies even in the winter . 
If your skin is not as bronze as mine you need to wear these babies to get bronze . 
the color is nice and the fit is good but that's about it . 
I was pleasantly surprised however when it arrived and it was actually the perfect length ! 
PROS : - Unbeatable value for money-Excellent quality , will not shrink or loose color in the laundry . - Comfortable to wear.CONS : - XXL may have been designed for folks with a large gut , not so much body builder-types . 
I lift weights , and have large shoulders and pecs , and big arms , but a 34 " waist . 
Above my abdomen , this is a perfect fit . 
XL is a perfect fit around my gut , but then the chest and shoulder areas are too tight . 
Husband like t-shirt style shirts to wear under his dress shirts , but he does not like the tight fit of the ribbed undershirt . 
They fight nicely under his dress shirts . 
THE FIT WAS GREAT AN THE MATERIAL WAS GREAT WILL BUY MORE LATER , THE PACKAGING WAS GREAT AN I WAS VERY HAPPY . 
Quality is good . 
The fit is soft and relaxed and it did not shrink on the first wash . 
fine 
I will shortly return it for a larger size and perhaps a different brand . 
Very nice shirt . 
I love this Russell T-shirts , They fit perfect and they are really comfertble , I own about 10 of these and I think there a great buy 
Always trusted Russell for the very best in quality and fashion t-shirts . 
came as described it fits and has been washed a couple times didnt shrink up . 
not itchy i like em ok 
Good quality , nice fit . 
But no surprises here . 
The shirt Color is a beautuful blue . 
Great quality for the price . 
These shirts are great . 
They're inexpensive , fit well , and shrink nicely in the dryer ( on high ) for a more fitted look . 
I buy these for my husband and myself for gym shirts and everyday wear . 
Looks good and feels comfortable to wear around the house and outside . 
Russel Athletic has become a favorite brand for my husband . 
Does not shrink after being washed ! 
Will continue to be a faithful customer ! 
ordered an XL , runs like a small Large.washed it three times , and it's still too itchy to wear.would not recommend . 
They wear well , and are inexpensive . 
It is nice to wear and not too tight . 
These earrings are beautiful . 
The crystals sparkle and the color of them are beautiful . 
I highly recommend them . 
For the 12-16 hrs this was probably on - it held up fine . 
Shopped around and this was the best price . 
My 5 year old loves Star Wars and loves this costume . 
GRANDSON enjoyed this so much but has outgrown it now ! 
I certainly do not recommend these earrings . 
My husband loves the look on me . 
The earings look as in picture . 
Cute and elegant ! 
I absolutely love this sweatshirt . 
It is so comfy and perfect and even after a dozen washes it still fits perfectly . 
It is really comfortable and will keep you really warm on those cold mornings when you jump out of bed . 
This is the best quality hoodie I have ever seen or owned ! 
I highly recommend it ! 
My only real qualm is the big white Russel " R " on the sleeve ; it sort of sticks out like a sore thumb.But other than that this is a comfortable , solid hoodie.The zipper isn't bad , but doesn't feel quite as sturdy or smooth as a YKK zipper . 
But for this price , the hoodie's an excellent value . 
I ordered two new TALL sweatshirts on the same day from Amazon . 
This sweatshirt is great for that . 
Really comfortable . 
Keeps me warm , looks good . 
However , this hoodie fit perfectly . 
This runs a little large , which is nice , for a change . 
Fits perfect and is easy to clean . 
I usually don't buy white because it stains so easily but this washes nicely and has that cool fit fabric . 
It did not . 
It fits well , and is comfortable . 
I have two XLT Russell sweatshirts and they have a nice , modern , trim fit.But this XLT Russell t-shirt is like a tent on me . 
Other than that it's a nice shirt - soft , breathable , and tough . 
Bought this t-shirt for my sons birthday . 
It fits well and he likes wearing t-shirts so we are both happy . 
Russell clothing have always been very good--and we buy a lot of them throughout the year for birthdays , etc . 
Bought this shirt for my sons birthday . 
It fits well and he likes wearing t-shirts so we are both happy . 
I ordered the 2X - Tall version.The shirt can still function and seems to be of good quality . 
I ordered these shirts , and man instant cooling . 
l bought this for my husband as l can't find them any where and he loves shirts with pockets . 
They wear real good and last their shape and color . 
They aren't top quality , but they're good enough . 
They shrunk a bit after the first run through the laundry , but they still fit comfortably . 
This is a nice item , exactly as described . 
The fit is excellent . 
Thank you for prompt service . 
These don't wick away sweat as well as the Tri-Mountain pique shirts do , but otherwise I use them interchangably . 
The pocket is nicely sized . 
Comfy to wear and easy to carry on plane . 
My second complaint is that the string actually came out so now the bag hangs WIDE OPEN making it absolutely not usable . 
The outside zipper pocket is also handy for keys , wallet , and cell phone . 
It hold extra set of clothing , swim shoes , towel & misc items . 
Great pair of cargo shorts . 
They are the perfect fit in every way . 
The build quality is second to none . 
These pants are somewhat big but because they are I think they are more comfortable . 
These shorts are very durable and have plenty of pocket space . 
I should have returned them but I did not . 
China's idea of waist size is not the same as Western even though their " chart " lists them as such : if you're 38-42 in waist , get the x-large , the " large " ( supposedly fits up to 39 " ) won't work . 
Before wearing or washing , burn all the ropes you find outside AND inside to prevent unraveling later or in the wash . Make sure to check inside the pockets as well . 
You should also take the time out to use a needle and thread to re-enforce the buttons all around the shorts : they don't use enough thread for a solid hold.The " normal " front pockets are deep enough but a bit small . 
I have only average size hands - not small , not large - but I have to sort of fold my hands to reach in to them to pull stuff out . 
And , I'm not going to apply great pressure on them to see if that loosens them up enough to work.All the above said , I really like the garments once I give them the going over . 
They ARE durable and great for utility and everyday wear . 
I've got several of Rothco's " para " style pants that I love . 
And , they've held up well over the winter . 
But , I can see where most people would not want to shell out that kind of cost . 
Nice , long , simple . 
Perfect for storing wedding dress . 
They fitted well and did not fade after one wash . 
It's still in great condition . 
Great shirt and great price . 
I wear a large and this is true to size . 
It's nice and soft , and comfortable on the skin . 
Great for summer wear . 
I orderd this I believe the day before my brothers birthday and it arrived the day after . 
He loved it and was so happy and thrilled and it was wonderful ! 
nice shirt to work my husband was happy we love the shirt We recommended Thanks , my husband will enjoy it 
after washing it fits great . 
Nice fit , color nice shade of blue , could be a little softer.cant beat the price ! 
The Hanes brand is always a great buy ! 
Color just as pictured . 
Fabric nice & soft ... not too thick or too thin . 
These shirts are a great value . 
They fit great . 
Shirt is comfortable and fits as expected . 
Looks fine for work though . 
Nice looking , lightweight , comfortable shirt with pocket . 
Perfect for those semi-casual summer days . 
Pure quality since it is a Hanes jersey . 
Bought the shirt to wear it at work as I am required to have white polo shirt in Food Service industry restaurant . 
After I have bought it for the cheapest price I could've found on Amazon and when I received the shirt I just found out that it looks so good and it is so cosy that I had to keep it in my wardrobe to wear it as a daily clothes , but not work clothes . 
And the price was perfect as it was my bargain to avoid paying shipping ! 
It fits well . 
It's a bit wide in the stomach area , but whatever , it's purple and fits my shoulders . 
He is 5.10 and the length is perfect on him . 
love the color , fits great and looks good . i use them as work shirts.only thing is the fabric could be a little softer.cant beat the price ! 
At first I bought with some suspicion of its quality , which I just unpacked reversed . 
I keep buying other colors and other items of this brand . 
The Shirt is a bit roomy , but I can handle that . 
It looks nice enough to wear to work but you'd want an undershirt as it's a little scratchy . 
looks great on my 3X hubby who has amazing blue eyes . 
Nice quality and no ironing necessary YAY 
The extra large size fits as expected . 
I needed a bright gold color and this fufills that need perfectly . 
The feel of the polo , color , size is true to advertising . 
When the Men are happy , then the ladies become happy also - - this way all is well . 
I would recommend these polo shirts to anyone who is interested in size , quality , color , service and price . 
This is a very good quality shirt but runs a bit small . 
;D It's a great texture ( Pique ! ! ) 
and the ' basic black nice summer look . 
I wear it with a white Hanes tank top because the pique feel on bare skin is a little funky ... fyi ... 
I got these shirts in a few different colors for my husband . 
The colors are nice and vivid . 
Im 6-2 .. not going to work this shirt does not have a generous tail . 
Other than that it's a great shirt . 
Wears good , fits nicely in the chest area , and look presentable . 
The hat fits nicely and they are both attractive . 
A nice non-itchy acrylic knit . 
It is not as long as currently is fashionable . 
Cute Hogwarts patch , not Griffindor . 
Easy to keep accessible in suitcase , etc . 
I like the liquid by Connoisseurs as well , but this better for not spilling . 
This was one of the fathers day gifts to my hubby , and he absolutely loved them , and they wash up well too ... very satisfied with this purchase 
I have always worn wranglers had not bought in 10 plus years still feel well and made well as well 
I love the feel and durability of these pants . 
Works great . 
The pants do fit real high up on the waist though but excellent room and comfort 
These pants do fit very well and look nice on the boys . 
Color is great and the fit is perfect as well . 
Was not too sure if I should purchase the Classic or the Relaxed fit . 
Happy I decided on the Relaxed . 
These jeans are comfortable and well made . 
And they look good on him . 
You never know what you'll get.These fit perfectly . 
These will last a few years.Definitely for casual wear , but they are cut very nicely so that they aren't too baggy anywhere , yet there is plenty of room to move around and stretch , bend over , etc . I knew they were good when I put them on and didn't want to take them off . 
The jeans fit fine . 
A real annoyance . 
I bought these and the " Rugged Wear Relaxed IT Jean , Antique Indigo " jeans . 
TheThis pair of jean is the same cut and same size but it it tighter than the other pair . 
Great pants made ​ ​ in very good cotton denim and fit is perfect according to the measure . 
They fit fine . 
I wanted a lighter color but wasn't available . 
These jeans meet all the usual standards in terms of appearance and toughness . 
I am a Wrangler jean's fan for many years . 
by waist and hips , but allowed the " relaxed " in my newer sizing thinking , " Gosh , sure hope I didn't get over hopeful for smaller size . " When I tried them on , I was astonished that the waist was 2-3 in . s larger so have to use a belt to cinch it up tight enough so I won't loose them . 
I have worn them but becuz of the tight belt to keep them on , I am uncomfortable when sitting or bending over as the belt doesn't " stretch " with use light the jeans do . 
) Plus , I like the thickness of men's jeans cuz they wear for a long time for me . I'm debating whether or not to send them back ( gotta look at " returns " to see if even feasible ) . My husband use to get so aggravated when buying his Wranglers at the size he wanted because no 2 were alike in size ... some coming small and some large . 
bought this for the brand but sizing is a bit small than what I wanted . 
too small , too small , and i even ordered the size larger . 
yea .. too small and it's too small bummer 
I bought these as a gift . 
My son loves them . 
They are perfect for his work clothes . 
The jeans were a gift for my husband . 
It is often difficult to find big men's clothing , but this pair was the correct size , they were a very nice denim blue color . 
My husband loves them and wears them everyday . 
Sizing is accurate , they are put together nicely and the material is durable . 
These pants fit my husband perfectly . 
He needed new jeans and shopping here was great considering I knew they'd have his size :) 
What's not to love ? 
Pair these with a stylish belt and set your expectations to awesome.Fitted as advertised . 
My son has worn Wranglers before . 
He told me that both pair are an odd fit . 
They are Wranglers and that speaks for it self . 
They are high quality jeans and love the color . 
It would not only be more practical but would improve the " look " . 
The jeans fit him perfectly . 
Bought these for my husband after the Lees ( same size ) proved a bit tight . 
He's much happier with these and say they're very comfortable . 
wish there was just a tad give in the waistline but other than that a very nice pair of jeans . 
Perfect no more wear Levis that within a few months.These are thicker and are more resistant to the perfect fit body ideal for daily work 
A good pant , good fit and excellent color . 
I only can say than pants look something different to the pic they show here . 
Maybe if you use boots all time you feel good but if you use sport shoes pants will look a llitle width than pic .. 
I have been buying this brand for years . 
I have 11 pair of these wrangler jeans . 
Different . colors and shades 
I ordered these as a somewhat less expensive alternative to my usual jeans ( Wrangler 47MWZ ) , in which I normally wear a 33 x 30 . 
Based on reviews here on amazon , I ordered ( 3 pr ) one size up … . i . e . , 34 x 30 . 
Wrangler isn't fancy , but the cut is comfortable , material and construction is durable , and the price is great . 
Very thick pants . 
I even wear them during summer where our temperatures hit 115 plus but since I do HVAC work kneeling down on a roof creates padding against the hot roof . 
I have bought these for years and will continue to do so ... 
I must admit these are the first pair Of Wrangler jeans I've purchased primarily due to TV ads and secondly price.The fit is comfortable but the waist is a tad higher then I'd prefer and surprisingly , the inseam seemed a bit longerthan the 36 inches I'm used to at 6 foot 5 inches tall . 
Hopefully their longevity will equal the value . 
I'll stick witht ht ebrand I know . 
Was a little large for me though . 
Great slippers . 
Handsome , comfortable , casual , strong and good quality . 
I think they used to made in Wisconsin and are now made in China ( pretty sure ) . 
Color was dark navy as described . 
I collect watches - although I cannot afford real expensive ones , and this has a very nice face , somewhat difficult to see in bright sunlight , since there is little contrast between the hands and the face . 
It is light on the wrist , slender , and ten years for battery life is yet to be seen ! 
Great shipping Amazon ! However , if you are a man with at least average size , this watch will be too small for you . Description showed the watch at 37mm ( 3,7 cm ) , it must count the whole face and border of the watch . Very hard to see the date , if you are mid-life man without a 20/20 vision , you can just forget it . Everything else are just about right for a $ 15 watchI gave it to 8 year old son and it looked OK on his wrist . Definitely , positively NOT a men's watch ! 
very sexy , perfect fit , see thru , shows my 42dd titties very nicely , guys love seeing my titties when im out shopping , I wear with a micro mini , very sexy 
With this little wallet I purchased credit card sleeves so my pans pockets look nice and not full of staff . 
Found it at a great price and couldn't be happier . 
the color is great too ! 
I love the fit . 
Nice scrub pants , however way too big . 
This is a flattering style I wear 99 % of the time . 
Overall I love them and keep on going back to them . 
My son had bought my first pair and I lost those by an unexpected move . 
I am happy . 
Wonderful shaper , very comfortable . 
Highly recommend for smoothing and slimming . 
I believe these were a gift and if I remember were well recieved . 
I love the way these fit , and hey are so comfortable . 
They are very stylish , and come in multiple colors . 
I look at that as an added bonus . 
I lost a pair of sandals in Mexico and a friend had a spare set of Reef Fannings . 
Not only are they incredibly comfortable ( basically open faced shoes ) , but they are stylish and have a handy bottle opener to boot . 
I promptly picked up a pair and have been wearing them in the spring and summer ever since . 
I own three pairs of Reef Fannings.These are the most comfortable , dressy and casual flips you can wear . 
They are somewhat small when you first put them on . 
They will take time to stretch and will be perfect within the first 5-10 times you wear them . 
These a super comfortable for walking , and work well on land and water . 
Bought these for hubby as a gift and he loves them ! 
This is the most comfortable flip flop my husband has ever had . 
I buy him a new pair once a year because he wears them so often . 
Definitely worth the price . 
My 4 yr old grandson wears them , my husband and I wear them , and our kids love them . 
The bottle opener bottom is always a hit at parties in the summer . 
Not that mine are terrible , but sandals are known to get smelly . 
Honestly , for the price they could have been made a little better in that respect , but they lasted two solid years of hard fishing and daily use in the summer . 
I purchased these Reef flip flops to replace my favorite pair of Evolv flip flops ( Evolv no longer makes the style I have loved for years ) . 
Overall , these fit well and are very comfortable . 
Like most , I assume the written description is what is being pictured and it's not.Otherwise , they look comfortable . 
I finally broke down and purchased this pair . 
these sandals are perfect . 
I have been wearing Reef sandals for several years . 
This pair is comfortable and I can wear them on almost any occasion . 
Great fit and comfortable . 
Reefs are the absolute best . 
My husband slipped these on and said Wow . 
He loves them , they look great on him . 
Good deal here on Amazon . 
This is a stylish and good looking shoe which is well made . 
It is very light but not comfortable . 
The difference in price is astonishing . 
I have been wearing " Rivas " for 15 years so I know the shoe . 
I wear size 11 and these fit perfect right out of the box . 
No break-in period needed , although the heel chafed for the first few wearings . 
The design is very simple , but the materials are high quality and should last for years . 
There is no tread on the soles , so they are not the best hiking boots . 
They are not water resistant , but waterproofing or mink oil works well . 
Very nice boot for those hot summer days . 
Feet keep cool in these for the most part . 
Who knows . 
Love the different color of these , makes for fun matching with different outfits . 
This boot fits well ( true to size ) , is comfortable and looks good . 
They fit well but you need a replacement soles for more comfort . 
Excellent fit compared to the Bushacre , which runs large . 
The Clarks desert boot is simple in design , but quite comfortable and pairs with jeans and khakis equally well.Excellent dark leather with the light-colored crepe sole is a nice contrast . 
Wouldn't ever polish or treat these--they just look better a bit worn.So they're made in Vietnam or China , unlike your favorite 10 - year old British or or Italian pair of Kenneth Coles or whatever , but these guys last a good long while and they're basically impervious to shifts in fashion ( like any good piece of menswear ) but remain a little edgy . 
I am usually a 14 in athletic shoes , and this runs large enough so that even with thicker wool socks the boot is still a bit large . 
These are great . 
Solid traction , good casual yet somewhat formal look . 
Consequently wearing them day after day caused me pain in the middle of my foot as it sank to the middle of the gummy bottom . 
It's a great shoe and comfortable to wear but every few days not every day . 
I love the boots . 
I also got these boots when they dropped down in price to about 67 dollars , which I felt was a steal for how nice they look . 
I love these boots . 
They are lightweight , comfortable , look great , seem well-made , and won't break the bank . 
The leather seems to be high quality and looks beautiful . 
The crepe sole is super flexible and springy , and very comfortable to walk on . 
Also , the crepe soles turn black and look filthy after just a week . 
Finally , they don't seem to breath all that well , but that might just be the way all-leather shoes are.As far as care goes : I have been inserting Woodlore cedar shoe trees immediately after taking my boots off each day , and I think this will help greatly in keeping them looking great for a long time to come . 
It darkened the boots a shade or two , which I'm okay with , though I prefer the original color - so be careful . 
My father had this shoes about 35 years ago . 
This shoes lasted longer than some people live . I bought this for my father , because I love him . 
He tells me , it's super comfortable , and it fits perfect . 
And I used to work for a shoe manufacturing company . 
I bought it for my husband who is a big Clarks fan since childhood . 
So he was very happy then he got them and there was no surprises because he tried them on before . 
Inexpensive and great style and quality . 
I've had them for almost two years and they've held up great . 
I love the wear they have now . 
Highly recommend these shoes they are still so comfy too ... 
This is my fifth pair of Originals and first in this colour . 
Excellent workmanship , first-rate quality . 
My husband is happy with his Clark's . 
He has been wanting a pair for the longest . 
Anyway , they are very well made and look beautiful on . 
The sizing was a bit tricky . 
These shoes are timeless classics IMO . 
I chose 11 and they fit me perfect . 
Good quality and light and comfortable . 
Just a little room in front of my " big " toes which helps avoid stubbing them . 
I love the comfort and quality of Clark shoes and now I feel the same way about their sandals . 
As usual Clarks has always made a very comfortable shoe and sandal . 
This makes the strap for tightening on the outside of the Sandal unlike their Hudson where the Strap is on the inside of the sandal . 
Hell no they are just too comfortable as they make the best Sandal I have ever worn in the past 55 years . 
I really love these shoes are comfortable and beautiful 
My husband was very pleased when I gave these to him for his birthday . 
The fit was true to size and they are a very comfortable nice casual weekend shoe . 
These shoes are a bit nostalgic for us , because the style was very popular when we were kids . 
The color taupe is a very nice neutral that goes great with jeans , or even a nicer khaki pant . 
He especially likes the cushiony gummy sole . 
Came on time on in perfect condition ... who did not have these in the 70 ' s ! ! 
Very large brim so really covers the neck area to shade head and neck . 
The color wasn't quite as nice as the pictures but it will work . 
I purchased this hat to use when riding my TerraTrike and hiking . 
The had is top notch . 
A huge brim or a huge cap ... 
Do not want it blowing away . 
This is my second Henschel hat ... the other being the all leather variety.Henschel does not sell direct so I got this one from a company on Amazon called ... Work Wear savings . 
Not bad ... I am off to scope out the sportsman guide web site now . 
This hat is great for Summer . 
My husband had one and he liked it so well that I ordered myself one . 
Any unexpected features are therefore all pleasant . I had difficulty with my coat in transit and the customer service was excellent even though the fault my not have been National's . 
My complaint came too late for tracking yet I still got a replacement . 
Love the large pockets Holds lots of stuff while cleaning . 
Fit as expected and is becoming fun to wear for breakfast . 
Cool for warm weather . 
This is a little tight across the shoulders for me so it is not as comfortable as I would like a house coat to be . 
Not entirely the fault of the design as that is frequently a problem fit for me but the trapunto yoke house coat I bought fits perfectly . 
I love this bow tie . 
The earrings are delightful . 
I put them on the same day they came in and have worn them everyday since . 
I love these earrings . 
They look good , like catches them . 
I've been using Maidenform " One Fab Fit " for years , and have found that I cannot beat the quality or the fit . 
When laundried properly , these bras will last for years ! 
I love this bra . 
I was worried that it wouldn't fit right because I has a large chest , born with it , and I'm not so small around so I usually get a larger size around the chest on other bras . 
It fits purfect . 
It stays up and has great support . 
These earrings are really pretty & show so many cool colors ! 
They look great with so many outfits . 
Love them ! 
I have purchased these before and they did not disappoint ! ! ! 
The square cut of the Swarovski crystal exceptional ! 
these are very pretty earrings but are very tiny , which I had been aware of before ordering , but am still surprised at how small they actually are :) Will probably give them to my Grand daughter . 
Wanted a hat for my fishing trips and i liked this style . 
The color looks great and the brim keeps the sun out of your eyes . 
While I know that some people may use handcuffs for crazy reasons , I was trying to put a cowboy costume together for a play.These handcuffs were perfect since they are easily removed with or without a key . 
The shoes came in a timely manner and are comfortable to wear . 
I used to buy Adissage sandals every two years because that's about as long as they lasted for me , just wearing them in the summer . 
So I'm going to break out of the pack and try a lesser known , more reasonably priced brand of massage sandals this year . 
Prompt delivery , well packaged . 
Very unfortunate , these are the real deal Sambas , just didnt fit . 
my cousin was happy with his running shoe ! 
if he's happy , im happy .. it fit him perfect I most say 
He likes the classic style and low-key color ( he bought all black with the 3 stripes ) . 
Flexible sole provides comfortable foot bottom and has gripping pattern on the bottom . 
not worth trying to send back or re sell . 
My husband said that they are only comfortable when worn with socks . 
I ordered size 9 , the only size 9 shoes I have , but they fit great . 
these are great to walk around in all day . 
Highly recommend these for lake use ( good toe protection ) and just general walking around . 
I have a pair of these and a pair of Whispers . 
The sole is made of a sturdy rubberish material that seems like it will resist damage and foot odor , and the lacing / tightening cord on the top is perfect for insuring an ideal fit . 
These shoes are such great support and are worth every penny . 
These fit very snug and are perfect for any outdoor activity . 
I even bought a pair for my son ! 
These are so comfortable . 
They do not seem to need ANY break-in . 
Nice wide toe box . 
I have a little extra room at both front and back but the extra room allows for foot swelling . 
I may have been able to get by with a 9 , but I'm very happy.Yay for upcoming Bonnaroo 2014 ! 
I purchased from " ShoeSurfing " who Does Not Pay For Return Shipping on their shoes . 
If you have gigantic toes then these are for you . I love Keens for the most part , I hoped I'd love the shoes . 
I dunno ;) Not for me - - the toe area felt bizarre , the inside felt weird - - just all around felt off . 
Loved my Tevas and got use to those , so I think it might just be the shoe and my personal preference ( ? ) 
I preferred the color black but they were out of stock . 
After getting the green color my husband said the green shows up real well so I can be seen better when walking on the street . 
I love these sandals ! 
They are comfortable and are great to wear all summer long . 
I've had them for almost a year and they still look brand new . 
Great support too . 
Love the color I got as they go with just about everything I wear . 
I'm interested in the function of the shoes I buy , as well as the fit and look . 
These are perfect for me . 
My husband has a pair and her love s them . 
I've been wearing KEENs for quite a few years now and wanted a new color . 
My old ones that are still going strong are the Navy / Black ones and these new Bluestone / Grey combo provides for a lighter shade of that doesn't clash with the wardrobe . 
Love Keens and will stick with models I own . 
Super comfortable . 
Love these shoes ! 
Love the color ! 
Love the versatility . 
Since I was planning on wearing these without socks I purchased a 9 and although they are nice and wide in the toe and foot bed , they JUST fit ( my heel may hang off a tad ) on the other end . 
I love this shoe as I've loved most of my Keens . 
The Keen sandal was not quite right for me . 
Loved the shoe . 
Didn't like the color . 
Fit is great . 
Love the arch support . 
And I love that these shoes are really wide . 
I have a wide foot and high arches . 
These Keens fit snug and are great shoes ! 
The color is exceptional and the ties are strong and sturdy ! 
Thanks ! 
It fits nice in the overhead compartment , lugs up and down stairs between train tracks and maneuvers well on the Paris Subways . 
Pehaps it ’ s best feature is it forced her to pack light ( me too as I had a pack of my own ) ! 
It held up well to the rigors of travel and we ’ re going to use our packs again to do a 6 week trek to Australia , New Zealand and Indonesia . 
If it don ’ t fit in the backpack or in your small hand carry , then leave something behind . 
I have been using this for almost 2 years now with no problems at all . 
I use it to carry my heavy nursing books and it has outlasted many of my classmates book bags . 
I'm very happy with my purchase , durable perfect size , affordable . 
I know this will be a great backpack for years to come ! 
THis is perfect , very well made and my daughter loves it ! ! 
Highly recommended ! 
THIS BRAND OF BACKPACK HAS FOLLOWED ME THRU ALL OF MY SCHOOLING AND THE STRAPS HAVE NEVER BROKEN , NO ZIPPERS EVER STUCK AND IT'S ALWAYS PROVIDED A SAFE WAY TO CARRY ALL OF MY BOOKS WHILE EVENLY DISTRIBUTING THE WEIGHT OF THE LOAD . 
PLENTY OF POCKETS TO CARRY MY COMPUTER , MY TABLET , POWER CORDS , STYLUS , PENS AND PENCILS . 
THIS ONE IS THE BEST DESIGN SO FAR . 
Love this backpack ! 
I've heard good things about jansport and this backpack certainly lives up to the tale ! 
I can fit four 1 inch binders , two text books , a couple of other books , calculator , pencils , pens , my agenda , and more ! ! 
Very happy with this purchase ! 
I always buy JanSport bags for my children because they are durable & long lasting . 
We needed a solid color backpack as part of school requirements , this was the best we could find . 
It is a good size and a nice color . 
I always like these bags . 
Very nice backpack . 
Great size with a lot of pockets . 
Great backpack ! 
I am a graduate student and have to carry a lot of books all the time , this backpack is so spacious I can fit everything in it ! 
The light pink shade is actually very nice , I initially thought it was going to be too much color ( I live in NYC ) , but it looks so good . 
I love it ! 
I've always loved Jansport and I ordered one for my bro , and it sure goes well with his rough and tumble way of handling things . 
got it for my lil sis last saptember and she loves it , its holding up very well thus far , jansport has always been know for quality products and so far im not dissapointed ! 
however , it works just fine for carrying a laptop and a book or two , and is a nice alternative to a purse 
I love this bookbag and I have had it for almost two years now :) 
had to return it . 
Love this backpack very sturdy ... not enough storage space on the inside and I miss the side pockets to store stuff like water and umbrella on the sides . 
Got this for my very picky 20 year old son and he loves it . 
The print is bold and the material has held up well . 
i also like the simplicity of the backpack . 
:) I'll keep it though and try it out . 
Overall quality is not good so returned . 
Great buy for the price . 
Notice that it has front hooks that are a bit thick , so they may show under tight clothes . 
I ordered the correct size , and it fits well . 
It pulls you in , but you still have an obvious belly , so anything I wear over it you can see the line of hook and eye down the front . 
It works much better to pull me in where needed and make my curves stand out . 
I have a bulky back brace the doctor prescribed for me after surgery but it makes me look like a ninja turtle so I seldom wear it . 
This corset doesn't roll up , stays in place all day , smooth's out those unsightly muffin tops , I wear mine every day . 
However it does show under t-shirts but I don't mind the support it lends out weighs the fact that the little hooks show through . 
Effective though ! 
Very nice fabric , fits well and does not roll down . 
I wish I had known how great these were before now . 
the top rolls down and they cut in my thighs and makes them look funny . 
These fit perfectly , Exactly as described ! ! ! 
I know I will be ordering more in the future , and definitely Do recommend them . ps they do not fit tight , just comfortable .. wish they were less then $ 12.00 a pair , but they do as they say . 
It really held me in and gave me a smooth look in the dress . 
These are not for everyday as one reviewer said . 
I could not wear these everyday but definitely a must for date night in the slinky dress . 
I bought these in 3 different sizes trying to find the right one . 
It assumes that the bust and waist are proportioned to the hips and mine are not . 
this item is very nice but runs small and tight buy a size larger than you wear ok , the fabric is nice 
My waist is 33 " right now and the waist band is a little tight ( almost causes a roll I do not have otherwise ) but I suppose it helps keep them from rolling down . 
Ever since I discovered lilyette 10yrs ago it has been my only bra , cos it firms , holds , minimizes n shapes my boobs great , I wear 36DDD ... 
Why do you keep changing it ? ? ? 
Fits nicely and gives great support , love it ! 
Lilyette uses an excellent design for their minimizer bras . 
In addition , the effectiveness to minimize is fantastic . 
The straps are comfortable . 
It was a great price so I tried it.The bra is at least 2 " smaller around than any other 36 " I've purchased.The 3 part cup makes anyone who's larger than average look very pointy . 
I ordered my regaular size 34B but the bra would not stay up and felt a full band size too large . 
I wear a 36 B and that is what I ordered but it was way to big . 
Not sure if the Lilyette Strapless will work for me . 
The red with white dots is smaller than the black and nude pairs , although the nude are cotton . 
I will keep them but won't be buying more . 
They look real good on my wife and they seem to be comfortable . 
I've tried so many different panties that would not ride up show mega pany lines and wash nicely . 
These boy shorts are cute and fun . 
They have a nice lace edging and wash well with a dark load . 
Does ride up a little butt that's the fun . 
Boy-shorts are great for boys too Did I mention super sexy too ! 
Fit great . 
Love them . 
I love boyshorts , but cotton never fits right . 
These microfiber boyshorts do fit a tad big in the waist , but they are perfect everywhere else . 
The lace doesn't itch , they are light and comfortable 
I think the recommendation is to hand wash . Maybe gentle cycle is the ticket.Either way , these are my favorite . 
The waist band is adjustable , so even if you forget your belt you can re-size them thankfully . 
Very comfortable and great cushioning 
Panties do the job and aren't too thick so the child can move freely . 
these training pants are perfect for boys or girls . 
They have the little front pocket for boys and still fit snug for a girl . 
They are made of thick layers of cotton so if an accident occurs it is soaked up well , but they still do leak because they are made of cotton . 
I bought two pair of these leggings . 
They fit great and are not too short , tight in crotch area or waist . 
Perfect 
They are comfortable and look nice on . 
What is not to love about these moccs . 
I found them to be well made and true to size . 
Wish they came in more color choices , but basic black is fine for year round wear . 
This is my 2nd pair of size 7 moccasins . 
The fit perfectly and are very comfortable ! 
She loves them and they look great on her , very cute ! 
I'm not sure if I believe that , I'm more of the opinion that a shoe can't connect or disconnect you but I digress , these are great shoes . 
They really look great . 
I told her she shouldn't wear them outside because they're too pretty to get dirty , but she does , and they hold up ! Hope that helps ! 
Have worn them everyday since I got them . 
Very good quality . 
So comfortable . 
Highly recommend . 
I celebrate my Native American heritage when I wear these . 
They are so comfy and wonderful and everything I could ever want in a shoe . 
I am a fan of this shoes really love them , would like the sole were thicker , any how they look so nice , have them in few colors , greats for travelling ... 
First , they fit small for me ! 
Also , the quality just isn't what I expected . 
The shoes are a beautiful shade of blue . 
The fit is good and they are very comfortable to wear . 
I love the shoe , but they are a bit small , not true to size . 
I really like this shoe , it's so comfortable . 
The color ( I ordered the red ) is really rich and bright . 
Read almost all the reviews before I made the decision . 
I am usually a 7 , then I chose a 6 this time ， way too small . 
I liked the shoes but they were too long and too wide . 
Previously I had purchased other Minnetonka shoes and they ran narrow , so I ordered a wide . 
but this time they ran wide . 
Who knew . 
Color ( taupe ) is gorgeous . 
I got a blister at the seam the first day I wore them to work . 
I was excited to try out these cute moccasins , as I loved the other styles of Minnetonka's I have owned . 
very comfortable , they will stretch so get a size smaller than your usual . 
the color is an dark orange brown 
I absolutely love these shoes . 
They are very comfortable and there was no " break-in " time at all . 
They're cushiony when you walk and they look great too . 
I love purple so was thrilled to find these in my favorite color . 
I have a pair of these moccasins and love them , I bought a pair for my husband for Christmas , and he now understands why I like mine so much . 
They are good quality and very comfortable . 
this is a nice slipper . 
i returned it and bought the wide for my husband . 
he is really a size 121/2 m , but since the slipper does not come in half sizes , i bought the 13 . that was too narrow and we ended up with the 13 w . he likes them and they are comfortable . 
I've been using Florsheim shoes for ten years now . 
I'll stop wearing them when they stop making them.Fit as expected , excellent quality . 
Highly recommended . 
I love these shoes . 
They come polished well and the are easy to shine up . 
Wingtips are pretty much the standard in business attire and these shoes look excellent . 
They still look amazing . 
I bought these for my husband as a birthday gift to replace a pair that he had worn out . 
He loves these moccasins and was very happy to receive another pair . 
So they are worth the investment , other moccasins from LL Bean were higher priced and were not as sturdy . 
These moc's are the best I ever had . 
The moosehide is buttery soft and the size was perfect . 
They are great for just about wearing anywhere , with or without socks . 
made very well and comfortable . 
I wear a size 10 and while they fit a bit tightly when I first started wearing them , within days they broke in . 
Now almost floppy with regular socks.Moose Mocs are the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn in my life ! 
I was having problems with my arms and these Moc's from Merrell are wonderful . 
They slip on easily and provide arch support . 
Sometimes I have to order wide width shoe's but these fit well . 
I ordered these as an alternative to sneakers for work . 
I'll keep them and wear thick socks , but I'll order another pair in 9.5 M and see how those do . 
This my second pair ! 
These are the best shoes I have ever purchased ! 
Support is great and the sizing is perfect . 
So hard to find these wonderful shoes ! 
I must have purchased 20 pairs in all colors over the years 
Merrells work so well since they have excellent mid foot support . 
They offer top of the line mid foot support at a great price . 
This pair is well made , but fit a tad bit big , but since I use orthotics , it worked perfect . 
Highly recommend . 
I love them . 
They are very warm and good quality . 
I live in Virginia but wear them year round in the morning . 
I also have the Minnetonka sheepskin moccasins and the toe area is wider . 
However , because of the style these slipper boots keep my ankles warm in this unusually cold winter . 
So I will definitely buy these again when they wear out . 
So all in all , while these are not perfect , they are about as good as it gets . 
I have always been a fan of sheep skin slippers . 
Good quality and nice style . 
The fit was a tad tight on me but I am pretty sure they will stretch as I wear them . I do wish the lower portion of the shoe and heel were leather as well , personally I think they would wear better and longer.If you have never tried out the Florsheim brand , treat yourself to one of the nicest looking and most comfortable shoes out there . 
Bought these shoes and they were delivered on May 13 , but , less than two weeks later , I am noticing slight tears in the leather . 
The shoes look and feel great , but am concerned that the tears , where they connect to the sole of the shoe on both shoes , will only get worse.For $ 110 , I expected much better . 
Will update this review to reflect any changes re : tearing in a couple of weeks or so . 
If it continues , I will return the shoes , as this is unacceptable for this price shoe . 
I bought this shoes , because my father use them since 1985 . 
He has more than 6 pair of them , but this is the only one in brown . 
this shoes are extremely comfortable . 
These shoes look nice , but they are very uncomfortable and they feel snug , I ordered half size down to make sure they fit but it didn't help . 
Well , these look good and do the trick . 
It is very comfortable and it fits as I expected . 
i love it . 
Had trouble finding Navy boat shoes for my husband until I found this pair on Amazon . 
He said they felt a little snug at first , but didn't take long to break in and become quite comfortable . 
They were also the exact shade to match his navy blazer , so they were a nice finishing touch to his boating association dress attire . 
Very nice shoes . 
Fit and finish are excellent for the size 9 - Ds I bought . 
The shoe is a good medium width and the toe box is high enough to be comfortable but not too loose . 
I purchased this shoe with the understanding that I would stretch it to accommodate my wide foot . 
This was accomplished with a little effort and the shoe is now very comfortable for causal use . 
I've been hunting for these shoes for quite some time and finally found the level of comfort and stylish fit that goes great with khakhis . 
Handsome shoe and seemingly well made however if you are buying this shoe for itsdouble WIDE label dont . 
It is not . 
It might be a medium at best ... 
Straight out of the box you know you've purchased a beautiful , well-made shoe . 
But , the shoes DO run a bit small and tight . 
Still they are comfortable and appear to be well made with high quality leather and soles . 
A real winner , can wear heavier socks with them and no binding or a too tight feeling . 
Leather is supple and sole are good quality as well ! Have owned these slippers for close to three months now , over time the slippers lining under my right foot has come lose ! 
Highly recommend these shoes . 
Very comfortable . 
My husband has difficulty finding shoes in the stores because they just don't carry size 15 . 
While these shoes look nice , and are comfortable , they're a little too roomy in the heel . 
My husband loves these shoes - so comfortable ! 
I love these shorts - see my other reviews - but they do ride higher than you might be used to ( LOOK at the picture - they're like right under the dude's belly button ) . 
I love these pants , they are rugged and fit well . 
In my experience those clasps don't last very long , which is why I thought it a strange choice for such otherwise durable shorts . 
I've always loved Sketchers and have been wearing them since I got my first pair of boots 20 years ago . 
That doesn't make me biased , though , and I like these sneakers as much as any others I've ever had . 
Fit is as expected from Sketchers , which seems to run a tiny bit large . 
They fit great ! 
Size is great , maybe a smidge on the wide side and I ordered the regular size M size . 
They are very comfortable and I always can tell immediately after putting on a pair of new shoes . 
These are a great pair of shoes . 
Glad I purchased them and at a good price as well . 
My husband normally wears a size 13 E . By buying double E's , they still fit him pretty well . 
When I used it to pull the tongue up ... it separated from the tongue . 
A good shoe , good color , beautiful style , I don't need more . 
Very nice pair of shoes.comfy ! 
Shipped to me very fast.my first pair of Skechers , love them.will buy this brand again and again ! 
I bought two pair of these . 
One for me , and one for our son ( 17 ) . 
he was not so keen on the brand , but the fit is great . 
I like the sharp clean design , and they fit just fine for walking shoes . 
My son loves them . 
They're comfortable and fit well . 
Skechers have now become our go to brand over New Balance . 
My 7th Sketchers shoes , this one is one of the best fit , most comfortable to walk in , and looks very good as well . 
I purchased these sight unseen and once I got them and tried them on it was pleasantly surprised by how nice they felt on my very wide 3E foot . 
Great looking , great fitting , and great wearing shoe . 
One pair did develop a tear along the underside where the seam meets the sole . 
But the other two pair have held up great . 
They fit and wear perfect . 
Look great with jeans and a sport coat . 
Fits perfectly as suspected by sketchers . 
These shoes fits great and are very comfortable for just about anything you . 
Highly recommended ! ! 
THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND VERY NICE LOOKING . 
LOVE THESE SHOES , I WORE THEM ALL DAY AND MY FEET FELT GREAT ALL DAY . 
shoes need to be comfortable ! 
if you want a comfortable shoe , i'd go with the sketcher go-walks . 
they are super comfortable . 
great price , too . 
Fit is great , they are so incredibly comfortable , and lightweight with good traction ! 
I read the reviews from others who purchased these shoes who have health problems that affect their legs , which I relate to , and am glad I followed their recommendation of these shoes ! 
These are the best sneakers I ever bought ! ! ! 
I can get away with them at work and they are perfect for bike riding ! 
Love them ! 
These sneakers support the foot well and allow for spending hours walking about in comfort . 
Highly recommended ! 
Very comfy fit perfectly exactly what i want and need . 
I give this shoe five stars , because i love how comfy they are . 
I stand all day at my job , and have tried many different shoes , and my feet will still hurt , but not when i wear these . 
I do NOT like them ! 
This is my third pair of Sketchers work shoes ... all have been great . 
I bought them as gift & that person loves them . 
I bought a pair of sketchers for myself but they aren't as comfortable as I was told this pair were so make sure it's this one when you order . 
These shoes are perfect . 
They are exactly what I was expecting and very comfortable too . 
As has often been my experience when purchasing shoes , the size that fits is unpredictable . 
The fit is perfect and the experience I've had thus far exceeds my expectations . 
They are comfortable yet afford me with exceptional support . 
I'd recommend this shoe to anyone wishing an upscale look that offers great support and comfort . 
Possibly you can do as well if you're patient . 
The shoes look very well made , as were the pair I had several years ago . 
I do like the quality construction and materials and the subtle " formal skate shoe " looks though . 
Ordered a medium width . 
I wear mine with Smart Sole inserts . 
On a rotation , I have five pair of shoes that I wear through the week , two of them are these . 
What I got looks pretty good , well worth what I paid for . 
They look and feel excellent . 
Happy for now :-) 
I have wide feet so I am always looking for comfortable dress shoes . 
These wides are really wide . 
They are also a bit squeaky and scratch pretty easily . 
I have had Bostonians , Clarks , and Florsheims which I have preferred over the years . 
Dockers Men's Gordon Cap Toe Oxford , Blacki needed new church shoes because my old one were too smallthese are okay and 41 dollars is preety steep and therei s no toe roomthey are still pretty good shoes . 
I've always wore 10.5 wide shoes , so I ordered these the same way . 
Not only did the top part hurt the joints of my toes , the ' wide ' style shoes were tight on my feet . 
I ordered these in a size larger than my husband usually takes and because of that they fit great I have a hard time finding shoes wide enough for him . 
These shoes look great and I'm expecting he will get a lot of wear out of them 
This shoe works perfectly for me in it's intended role as a dressy shoe to be worn several time a year . 
I got 14 W and am very happy with these . 
They are very comfortable to wear and look very nice . 
These are the shoes that my husband wears everyday to work or with dark pants . 
He says they are very comfortable from day one , hold up as far as construction of shoe , and are quiet when walking.Don ' t need to let everyone know who is walking down the hall with the sound of your shoes ! 
No real break-in time , color is slightly unusual and stands out in a good way . 
This is got to be my 5th or 6th pair of these shoes ... they are great for those kinds of jobs where you have to be dressed decently and you have to walk a lot ... They repel water well , I don't have to worry if I have to walk a mile in the rain ... the thick soles protect my feet and it's an excellent , all around shoe ... you could wear this to a BBQ , a wedding , a funeral , or out to the movies ... it fits everywhere . 
I wear a size 11.5 and these fit perfect . 
good looking casual shoe and very comfortable . 
As a work-to-leisure shoe , these are great-looking and comfortable . 
They go great with " business-casual " attire that prevails in my office . 
Still , these are really nice shoes for my lifestyle . 
My 15 year old is pleased with these - they are comforatble ( he has a wide foot ) and wears 10.5 and these are 11 so they fit well with boot socks . 
But still a great boot 
Ok , these are nice shoes and they fit me just right.Overall it is rugged and warm enough . 
I bought these for winter weather and they are working great . 
Great work boots ! 
Finding comfort , style , good protection and reasonable pricing is usually difficult , but these are absolutely perfect in every way . 
My assuredly worth the cost . 
This is my second pair of CAT Second shift boots.It is comfortable as the first one.It is Worth buying ! 
I ordered the XXL size of these Rainbow sandals and they fit perfectly .. the straps are a bit tight but will loosen up after a while.Also - these came in a sealed plastic bag , and have a very strong " new " smell to them .. enough to give me a headache .. 
I set them outside to air out for a bit . 
These sandals are very comfortable in supporting the soles of my feat , but they run tight . 
They needed a week or 2 to get sufficiently broken in , but now are super comfortable , just like my old pair . 
The color is as expected . 
I bought these sandals for my boyfriend for his birthday and at first he complained that it hurt and was too small , but it just took a couple of days for it to mold into shape ... now he wears it every single day and he says they're amazing and comfortable ! 
He's a size 8 in shoes and I'm pretty sure i bought him the medium size 
These were given as a gift . 
I am happy that she is happy . 
I love them , they are so comfy . 
in my regular size , theyre a little too big but I still love them . 
They are durable , comfortable , and cute . I wear a women's size 9 and the XL fits me perfectly . 
These sandals in my option are not flexible at at all . 
I use them and fit very good . 
Excellent pant and a very good color . 
I use 34 and it look fine . 
Not Dickies fault it was returned . 
When he tried it on , it was a perfect fit & so comfortable . 
I have purchased Dickie Jeans at several locations thru the years . 
I purchased these for my 6 ' 2 " slender son . 
They fit him perfectly . 
They fit nicely at your natural waist , not hip hugger style . 
Make no mistake , these are not " high end " looking jeans - - but are perfect for working outside or around the house . 
I love my gold glitter Sperry Top-Spider shoes . 
Also ... the " glitter " is not actually glitter . 
I still love the shoes and I love their sparkle , but I'm looking forward to the white soles dulling a bit . 
I was happy to find this shoe at a price better than at Nordstrom Rack . 
They are constructed well and were comfortable all day ! 
I had to order a larger size in some other sperry topsiders but these fit perfectly . 
I get a couple years good use out of the holder and then re-order . 
Good deal for the price . 
The pouch is fine , functional . 
But the rich yellow color and the texture shown in the image do not convey . 
I will use it , but I am disappointed in how unlike what I * thought * I was buying this item is . 
It flatters my face and fits comfortably . 
Perfect hat if u want that vintage look without looking like u just came back from fishing . 
made well , with snaps to have it look like a " Aussie - out back look . 
But if you have muscular calves , make sure you measure to be sure of the fit . 
It fits well and it is just what i expected . 
It takes a day or two to get used to the " toe " separator " but once it's broken in , it's a great shoe . 
Easy to slip on and off . 
After having a couple of Mephisto styles , love the Helen and have in several colors . 
They are not too " orthopedic " looking and they are very comfortable . 
I think I will go back to my fitflops , They are better quality , more affordable , and way more comfortable than these . 
I really like the look of the rainbow sandals and people are raving about its comfort and build quality , so I bought a pair . 
However , I had to return it because of the sizing . 
It turns out that the rainbow men's small was just right for me . 
Just enough space for my feet not to hang over the edge . 
This is only my second pair , though I've been wearing them since 2007 ! 
Also , they have a great warranty process ! 
I had been wearing Z-coil shoes for the last 2 yrs and my feet must have changed , not really sure why but the Z-coils weren't as comfortable at all . 
Saw these here on Amazon , read the reviews and decided to take a chance and I AM GLAD I DID ! I work 8 hrs a day on my feet , had a TKR about 17 mths ago , and I need good comfortable shoes . 
Not my favorite . 
I put it in the dryer and it did not shrink . 
This is kettle cloth material , which I haven't seen for decades . 
It is thick enough so you can't see through it but cool cotton that breaths . 
I live in Hawaii so this is perfect . 
I can wear the same shorts and not worry about them being too tight at first then becoming too loose in the Summer . I also use these shorts for hiking and mountain biking . 
Some of the camo shorts I've owned have lasted multiple years which is great for them being inexpensive and the activity I put them through . 
I surprised my husband with this for Christmas and he just loves it . 
I have bought watched for him and he always thinks they are too thick , but this one is not . 
I bought this watch for my husband for Valentine's Day . 
Where the wrist strap is attached to the watch the band is not flexible . 
As a result the band sticks out on both sides of the watch making it difficult for a shirt cuff to pass over it and making it unsightly and easily knocked or caught . 
It would be fine on anyone with a broad wrist but not on an average or smaller wrist.Pity . 
Gift for my other half's promotion . 
It is a little awkward to wear at first and can look funny if your wrist is too small . 
We own a couple of skagens and they are great watches . 
It still looks pretty good ( band is a little warped ) but its not working any longer . 
These shoes are very comfortable . 
They are made well and they look good . 
No problems . 
These shoes are so well-made and fun to wear . 
I love the color . 
Keds has always been one of my favorites and will always be . 
These shoes fit perfect and I absolutely love them , the have a slight arch which is a great addition , they go awesome with my jeans too . 
WEAR THESE ALL THE TIME , VERY COMFORTABLE AND NICE LOOKING . 
WANT TO GET MORE IN DIFFERENT COLORS . 
I live in Texas and they are more comfortable for summer wear . 
Wash up well in the machine so they look nice and stay fresh . 
I'm generally a 6-6 . 5 in women's shoes . 
I ended up buying a size 5.5 in black and they fit perfectly . 
We ordered the white canvas in a size 7.5 , her usual size . 
I am now sure why there is a difference and they do not all run the same . 
don't wear wide shoes . 
I thought a medium would be fine . 
not in these shoes . 
I have never seen such narrow shoes . 
my feet are stuffed in them , and busting out the sides . 
I got black in wide , and those were normal size . 
so wide = normal size . 
I'm always skeptical about buying shoes online as some styles run bigger or smaller than others . 
I am usually a size 6 , ordered a size 6 and they fit me perfectly so they do run true to size . 
These are comfortable and they do have cushion . 
I ordered them in white and they arrived in perfect condition . 
these shoes are actually pretty nice , i didn't expect them to be delivered early . 
i love them ! 
Bought these as a gift for a friend's 16 yr old daughter . 
She just loves them , says they are a perfect fit and her mother says she practically sleeps in them . 
Her mother has a matching pair and loves hers graphite Keds as well . 
Highly recommend ! 
I bought these because I like to have a spare pair on hand at all times . 
Have worn these ( this style / color ) for years . 
I bought these about a year ago , and they are still nice . 
I always bought the cheaper ones , not wanting to spend the money for Keds . 
They always washed up nice and I could get at least three summers out of them . 
NOT THESE ! ! 
They look terrible , the entire top and sides of them are yellow . 
NOTHING WORKS . 
Time to also send Keds an email now that I've found the details of my purchase . 
love my keds , it is a must have for summer , they get dirty just throw them in the washer . 
i like them as they are light and so nice with dress pands or wearing a suit they are comfortable 
These pants are great . 
Solid construction , roomy fit for comfort over shorts going to and from gym or just to wear on their own . 
Love them . 
Not gunna lie my BFF got me some from Adidas headquarters where she did her internship & those fit the same as these ! ! ! 
Not comfortable . 
I have become so used to companies going to lower quality materials in the past few years , but these were still very nice . 
He likes that fur does not attach to them like regular sweats . 
these has been used for over a year and it still has plenty of life on it.It hasn't faded much if at all and ill buy these again . 
That might be okay , if it was actually comfortable , which it isn't . 
I was going to return it , but it's semi-functional as a sports bra . 
This bra is perfect for those whose breasts are not so close together . 
I always have to push my breasts into the cups , which was uncomfortable overall . 
This bra fits my breasts perfectly , and lifts them up a little bit . 
Most importantly , it's very COMFORTABLE ! 
I've washed it twice and it still smells . 
However , I ordered a different bra , because these straps do NOT adjust by much at all , due to the " gel strap " not allowing them to do so . 
I love this item . 
I really like this bra because of the gel straps - they are truly comfortable . 
This bra is one I have worn and loved before . 
I still have my old ones but I couldn't resist buying this again . 
Thanks . 
This one fits great just like all the Playtex bras . 
Is comfortable and is pretty too . 
And I love the tone od beige that it is . 
I've been wearing these bras for years & have found them to be the most comfortable bras for my large bust . 
I love the wide straps . 
I was looking for a comfortable wire free bra for a LONG airplane trip and this is NOT it ! 
The straps are comfortable in the support department but there is little scratchy lace along the straps that is NOT ! 
All around comfort should be paramount . 
but cup size was fine . 
Fits her great , she has no complaints about these bras . 
My wife has been wearing Playtex Bras for many years with never a complaint .. Her breasts were always just a tiny bit short of having " A Cup Full " ( D ) ... but not this much space . 
aside from rhat the construction is fine . 
The front closure is helpful . 
Comfort can be a question after being in it all day . 
Definitely not made the way they used to be , China perhaps ? 
Have the exact same one from 15 years ago that was still in the box ... fit fine , same size . 
Had to return this one , cup size way too large . 
Love the Marine Blue along with the other color choices . 
Playtex is always a reliable fit and durable garments . 
The slight pattern on the bra does not show thru any tops . 
I had the same " pointy " experience - if I loosen the straps I get no support . 
It is really uncomfortable on me , not to say it wouldn't work for some people . 
I need more support than this bra offers . 
I need to stick with the " traditional , original style . 
good quality brand that's been around for years and knows how to make quality and comfort products , only wish they made in this style some different colors as they do with the underwire bras . 
THE STYLE IS NICE , BUT IT'S A LITTLE SNUG . 
I love this bra . 
It is so comfortable . 
I where a 38 D and expected the support would probably not be there , it never is , and they ride up . 
Order arrived in a timely manner . 
I love the color and since I wear a larger size than most it was nice to get something other than in white . 
I found this bra to be comfortable and very supportive . 
The fit is not as expected . 
I typically LOVE Most of the Platex 18 Hour Bras Wirefree Bras ! MOST of them FIT ME PERFECT ... 
MOST of the TIME ! SOME come very CLOSE to PERFECT with lately , the exception of only the CUP SIZE running too BIG & being the problem.THIS Platex STYLE is JUST TOO BIG Everywhere & ALL Around . I am NOT a BIG FAN & would Not even consider another size.Sorry.Michelle Cleveland , Ohio 
Comfortable for the most part . 
I have to put gauze in under the ring , other then that it is very comfortable and is supportive . 
Keeps my boobs nice and perky , and it fits comfortably . 
I always wear a tank top with a shelf bra over my bra anyway , so that helps . 
But otherwise , quite nice . 
And the color is gorgeous ! 
Fits well and improves my appearance . 
This one fits well and despite not having an under wire is very supportive . 
But this bra is true to its size - not too big , and not too small ... 
Fits so very comfortable . 
The straps do not move , and that's my biggest pet peeve with other bra's . 
These were a gift for my mother . 
She said the fit was perfect . 
Playtex bras have always been her favorite . 
I bought it for my mom , not only at a great price but the quality was good and she was happy with the color . 
I have not washed them yet and when I do , I will hand wash . 
When you have done that , you won't be happy and " no " your mechanic did not do it . 
Great jeans , great fit , a bit darker than anticipated ... but wearing them will soon bring out the right look without being shabby-looking . 
They feel very comfortable and everything seems to be good quality . 
I'll buy more of this style in different colors . 
This color looks nice and is pretty all-purpose for business-casual to casual-casual . 
My husband wears these jeans for work . 
This is the best price we've found ever for this brand of jeans . 
Will be nice and light for summer but probably won't stand up to any hard work and may wear earlier than expected . 
My husband isn't really fat but he has large muscular thighs and these jeans are perfect for him . 
I have been wearing Levis my entire life when I am not at work . 
Relaxed fit for comfort at home or out on the town . 
I purchased these jeans for my fiancé because he likes jeans that are not the cutting edge of fashion , but are also not too unflattering . 
These jeans fit very well , and the darker color makes them appropriate for my husband's dress-down days at the office . 
Not as stylish as a boot cut jean , but work well for casual wear . 
I bought the " rigid " color . 
After a couple of washings the color is still quite dark but after a year of washes the color gradually goes from a dark blue to a bright blue with lots of white.Fit : 31 30 . 
It has been 33 years since my husband has been wearing Levi's , and refuses to try any other brand . 
The " BIG SECRET " , for him is the sizing . 
He runs a rather large truck body business , and spends a lot of time in his office , but he still loves to work on them , and weld and all that other stuff , and they hold up extremely well . 
I'm generously awarding 3 stars because this well-known brand of jeans is of good quality , and Amazon's price is excellent . 
The fit is the same , as they have always been . 
its been hard to find jeans that are different and that fits well , I love the color . 
So far they have held up well . 
I was not sure they would fit well especially after buying them online . 
They fitted perfectly and looking forward to purchasing another pair . 
I purchased this to take on our first cruise and was waiting to review until we used it . 
Love the red color and all the compartments . 
It's very pretty and fits well . 
I also ordered the play tex comfort 18 hour gel the comfort strap the same size but it fits very well . 
This is my second purchase of the comfort gel . 
Thanks play tex . 
Keep up the great job . 
The lace is itchy and I am not used to that feel . 
This is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn with the added bonus of being very pretty . 
I am cleaning out my lingerie drawer and replacing all the uncomfortable bras I have collected over the years . 
Great brand and nice neutral colors . 
The pale pink was a nice surprise . 
They did a nice job with this bra . 
It is wonderful . 
So comfortable and fits great . 
I highly recommend this one . 
This bra is very comfortable to wear . 
The straps do not fall down or tug in anyway , the sides are made out of a very stretchy fabric that moves with you . 
The color rosewater is a very pretty light pink and looks very nice . 
I was measured as a 40DD but this bra was just a touch large in the nipple area . 
Having a 40DD chest , it's hard to fine a wireless bra that is comfortable enough to wear all day . 
This bra is great ! 
Beautiful lace , great supportive straps that don't slip , and it's true to size . 
It does minimize your chest a little ( as most great fitting bras do ) , which is just fine with me . 
I have been wearing it about 18 hours now and it's still really comfortable . 
Great bra ! 
The bra is comfortable ! 
The straps are comfy , the cups fit perfectly , the band does not dig into my skin . 
I can wear them all day and the colour is so nice . 
Absolutely love it ! 
And it is a little scratchy but it holds the breasts and looks nice so for a " dress " bra it will do . 
Bought my mother these bras and she truly liked them . 
Really comfortable and fits great . 
This bra offers great support for this DDD gal . 
It gives a fabulous lifted and round round look to my boobs while still looking date night sexy ... no regrets ... fully satisfied ... 
Bought for my daughter and we had to return it . 
Color was very pretty but it ran small . 
Otherwise , it would have been fine . 
Overall this is a great bra . 
It's not perfectly comfortable though , and gets worse as the day progresses . 
Just love these bras larger shoulder straps good support it as a wonderful bra and my husband like the look ... 
She has worn this brand for many years . 
this is not what I was expecting form Playtex and what they claim , I am not happy with this its not comfy as I thought 
This is a very comfortable bra and the color is nice . 
The straps are very comfortable and nothing on the bra cuts into my skin by the end of the day . 
Also , it gives good support . 
Thanks to Amazon for offering this bra at a price I could afford . 
They are comfortable and have a good look under clothes . 
This bra fit normal and is very nice under all kinds of tops . 
good fit , very comfortable and no wires ! 
This is well made , nice to have different colors , a quality bra and excellent ! 
Fits well . 
Pretty comfortable to wear throughout the day . 
I also like the color , which is a great change from my typical black bra . 
It runs a bit small but good bra just get a size up if you are a big breasted gal 
Like that there are no seams or pointy issues with this bra . 
Shoulders are padded and comfortable . 
I love this bra ! 
I'm quite happy with this purchase ! 
Finding a bra without underwires that supports well and feels comfortable all day long is a big challenge for me . 
Luckily I found this bra - it's wonderful ! 
Playtex is a name you can trust , and it is great to know that many companies who specialize and create women ’ s lingerie have started to realize that wired bras are not the only solution for lift and support for women who purchase their products . 
This bra is extremely comfortable , no tightness around my shoulders , bust line , or underneath my arm area , the material is soft , and the seams are perfectly placed in the design of this bra . 
The support is excellent and firm , ( while walking or running , you do not experience excessive shaking / jumping up and down ) , and it does not give you the look of an unnatural shape in whatever outfit you are wearing with this bra underneath your clothing . 
I am definitely pleased with this bra , and will purchase in more colors . 
A comfy bra at a terrific price is sometimes hard to find , but this one fits the bill . 
Highly recommend . 
This bra fits amazing . 
This bra has the most comfortable straps , is pretty , supportiveand fits the best of the three bras I just bought . 
I wish it was a little lower cut so I can wear my heart neck sweaters with it . 
I will buy this bra again for the comfort as it is the best so far . 
Although I had to return as the B cup was a little to big , I reorder in a size 40 B cup so I am hoping they fit.The Bra is so well made and does give you an up-lifting like we lady's love . 
There is one aspect that could be improved , however.First , I'll give the positive features . 
The panel under the breasts gives good support , especially when standing . 
This connection provides better support . 
Although it is comfortable , I expected more firmness . 
I wear " nippies " nipple covers which I purchased here on Amazon . 
They are very comfortable and work great . 
However , it's not as convenient . 
I love them and they are very comfortable to wear 
This bra fits beautifully , as all of my playtex bras do . I spent so long avoiding this brand , and i hate myself for it , All along i could have been happy , supported and comfortable . 
But most importantly it is comfortable . I would recommend this bra , and any other styleby playtex.Also : If you go to playtex's website , there is achart on how to properly measure yourself forthe correct size bra . 
Itold a few of my gal pals about it , they went onthe site and did the measurements , followed the chart , and they also , were wearing the wrongsize.Hope this helps ! 
I have worn Playtex bras most of my life , but lately their cups seem oddly made . 
The cups give good lift , side support , separation and coverage , but there always seems to be a little excess fabric right at the center of the cup , which makes a very small wrinkle in the cup that shows through clothing . 
Maybe most women are more pointy than I am , but these are just not the right bra for me . 
Otherwise , the fit well and look nice too . 
They seem well-made also , which makes it a bigger shame . 
She loves it and it's a perfect fit . 
I have washed it and it is stable and continues to fit and look good . 
Over all it is a nice well made bra . 
Plus side they are made from a nice soft fabric , shoulder straps are comfortable and they wash well , they are not the worst bras I have ever had . 
But if I know that I would have to keep adjusting the straps all day , they would not have been my first choice . 
This is a beautiful bra . 
On this bra , the cup size is good but the band is just as tight as the 42 . 
I chose this rating because this bra was to large in the cup and it has no padding at all in it.you can see through it . 
showing of nipples dew to not enough padding but it fits exact an comfortable . 
true to colour and very nice fit 
It'd liked it more without the lining . 
This bra works extremely well without wire-support and underwire bras.Comfortable and has a soft lining , the straps don't cut into my shoulders . 
My Church women's group adopted some residents at a local nursing facility . 
One of the ladies told me she needed a new bra for her birthday . 
She said she had always loved the " Cross Your Heart " bras , so I ordered her one . 
I wear other bras and buy what ever is on sale and fits good . 
The picture shows a wide back strap but the bra I received only had 2 hooks and was thinner . 
Over all I would give this a 3 star rating but it is a bit comfortable , I just don't think it is the right bra for me ... 
For me this is the most comfortable design . 
Bras are very personal things and everyone's needs are different . 
I have many in this design in Secrets and they wear very , very well . 
Easy . 
Lasts for years ! 
That I do not like . 
In addition , the lace looks a little cheap and the " relief " of the lace also shows through under garments . 
I have never purchased a bra online and my first experience was this .. 
The underwires are digging into my armpits and the middle front of the bra is digging into my chest . 
$ 30 later and I still have nothing . 
I am just not happy at all . 
Could do without the lace over the cups but I did not have wrinkling or show thru issues others mentioned . 
I bought this and it is true to size , fit well in the size I normally wear . 
It's comfortable but the wide straps really show when wearing it with tank tops or sleeveless shirts or dresses . 
Great coverage in the front , though . 
Wearing it with a somewhat tight or sheer top is fine - it hides what needs covered . 
I wanted a case that I could find in the bottom of my pocketbook and this bright red case is perfect . 
All in all , an excellent value . 
This eyeglass holder is made well , is easy to use , easy to see , opens quickly and doesn't get lost in the center console ... a perfect solution ! 
I wear glasses , and occasionally find that the holders fit dollar bills in them well . 
The snap-back at the top makes it easy to open , see what I have , pull out what I need without anyone seeing how much I have . 
I bought the red one , too . 
I have purchased an estimated and used approximately 20 pair since that time . 
However , the current case is appears chintzy and has no reinforced interior shell . 
From a young age the've used ; the first I gave them my father with just 15 , a " Caravan " , then I had all kinds of models , but this is the one that most identify . 
These glasses fit perfectly on me , I love it ! ! 
Great buy totally worth it . 
Coolest sunglasses on the planet right now ! 
I absolutely love these and they are my favorite ones ! 
Beautiful glasses , really . 
Would definitely buy again , esp since the price on Amazon is so great . 
So , thanks for that Amazon . 
I love you guys , but I still have to give you 4 stars out of technicality . 
I should have ordered the next size , they are a little too narrow for my face but the quality and look is awesome , They have attitude and style , they clearly protect my eyes . 
I'm in south america on the equatorial line so the sun is stronger and far more damaging than in other parts of the world . 
These are absolutely perfect ! ! 
I love the look and feel of this bracelet . 
For the price it is a very good deal so far . 
Just an FYI , and I knew this going in , they aren't very dark , but they do the trick for her . 
As a retired pilot I have been a faithful wearer Ray-Ban sunglass since 1956 . 
These were the first pair of Ray Bans I owned and I love them ! 
The fit perfectly and the color highlighted my skin tone ! 
These sunglasses are great . 
These are most definitely authentic Ray-Bans . 
There are certain things to look for on real ones that are not on the fake ones . 
If you purchased these and are unsure , just look up how to spot the real ones , or take them with you to a store that carries these and compare . 
Ray-Ban also sells a medium and large size as we'll if these ones are too small . 
I love my new glasses . 
A must have for the summer ! 
ready to shine on it , i really love it i want to put clear lenses with prescription on these babies , i hope it works , great sunglasses 
It is just was I was looking for , it is perfect i recomended it . 
These Ray-Ban aviators are the perfect accessory ; they won't ever go out of style . 
Super happy . 
Build quality was good and these were made in Italy and not China . 
i know there has been some debate about some authentic Ray-Bans being made in china , but I'd rather have the Italian ones . 
i purchase this for me , it is real 100 % the material the Price the color Works perfect for me .. love it 
They loved them . 
The easily reversible band was a hit with them . 
I wanted sport shoes white until I found these that seemed perfect . 
as espected excellent sneakers thanks a lot , keep going with the great work of selling first class products on line . 
It is a great wallet that allows me to hold my four cards ( three credit cards and a drivers license ) plus the clear front pocket hold my other ID . 
I generally carry about six or seven bills of money and that is about enough to keep the wallet small and comfortable . 
They should not have included it . 
Overall , I am happy but it is not my favorite wallet ever . 
if you want to have a small wallet , this works great . 
The capacity helps you keep stuff out and even full , it is easy to carry around . 
The quality is very good . 
This is very flexible in the amount of stuff you carry . 
I will have some weeks where I carry a significant quantity of cash and others where I carry little to none . 
It stays securely and it's a nitpick . 
My husband loved it . 
I was looking to replace a Slimmy ( more expensive ) wallet , and this will not be my new wallet . 
If you have pants with small pockets the wallet will jut out or poke your leg . 
The wallet does not close securely . 
Quality does not seem great . I prefer Slimmy wallets , but they also have a quality issue . 
These are my FIRST pair of Spanx I have ever had . 
They fit wonderful . 
I have not one complaint . 
They fit well , They are very comfortable . 
I am a larger size woman and they fit me great . 
I have not a one complaint on this purchase and would buy another from this seller in a heart beat . 
Thank you for a great transaction . 
When I did read them , i noticed many other women were saying something about the big seam that runs up the middle of this garment . 
The seam down the middle was kind of noticeable through my tight blouse I was wearing at the time . 
But it was very comfortable feeling , no binding feeling on my thighs at all and seemed very durable too . 
It did not make me feel hot , or sweat and did not roll down at all after wearing it all day at work . 
I also liked the open gusset style . 
I would recommend this shaper pantie to other women as for comfort and durability but just be aware of the big seam down the middle and advise ordering your regular size or one size smaller maybe . 
I have been wearing Spanx Higher Power for years and I love them . 
If I wear my hair down or wear a jacket , it's ok ... but I have to keep yanking it up . 
BRING BACK THE SILICONE STRIP ! 
These are perfect . 
They fit nicely and you can't see it under your clothes . 
I got the nude color so that way you can't see it even if you're wearing leggings or something that can be somewhat transparent . 
Not too tight and it's kinda funny but there's a slit on the vagina part so that you can pee :) I don't think I'll use it but , it's there ! 
They held me in very well and made my empire waist dress make me look so stacked ! 
I never thought I would need one of these modern day girdles but mother nature had other plans . 
I recently purchased a white linen dress and wore the Spanx under it and was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable it was . 
It certainly did the trick . 
Wore these all day for an event . 
They were quite comfortable and not hot at all , which was great because it was a hot day . 
I purchase in black and it fit perfect no problems at all . 
This belt is an welcome addition to my wardrobe , since can be dressed up or dressed down plus the quality is also great for the price I paid . 
I love these Isotoner slippers . 
They have a very comfy sole and the sizing was true to size . 
Not these ... they are perfectly comfortable and the sizing was right on . 
These are really comfy and I love the color but they are a tad bit small . 
Istoner makes great products , and after buing a pair of winter gloves last year , I was thrilled to stumble across these reasonably priced house shoes . 
They're made well and last a long time , and keep my feet nice and warm . 
I usually wear a size 8 shoe and the 71/2 - 8 slipper fit perfectly . 
But these were perfect for what I needed them for . 
She says they fit well and are comfortable . 
Love these ... they look nice and they're very comfy . 
This is a very nice slipper . 
It looks and feels comfortable and well-made . 
I thought the medium would be fine for my daughter , but I had to get her a larger size . 
Very soft and comfortable . 
Wearable , wearable , wearable ... love . 
I but these every year but it seems like they changed them a little bit and they are not as comfortable immediately like before . 
Very pretty , very soft / comfortable , Love the color ( pink ) . 
Now that I received the right size - these run bit small . 
I am in love . 
Now with these clogs I can do that yet sit around the house with the comfort and style of an Isotoner . 
I love these slippers . 
I reordered & returned that pair , and the 2nd pair I have seem to be great . 
Also , if not socks it's necessary for her to clench her toes to be sure they stay on . 
Taking off my shoes and slipping into comfy slippers is one of the little things in life I look forward to each day . 
They were somewhat comfortable at first , but after two weeks of wear , the cushiony insole is all squished down , and not providing much cushion any more . 
It may sound silly , but I just feel like part of the joy of slippers is to be able to quietly pad around the house .. not a concept in this pair . 
These slippers are very comfortable . 
Love them .. 
This not only keeps feet warm on tile floors but cushions beautifully while standing in them . 
Comfortable , stylish , and very sturdy . 
I haven't washed them yet , so this review may be updated after the first wash . 
I originally gave these 5 Stars ... ~ ~ ~ THIS IS AN UPDATE TO THE ABOVE COMMENT : Now I give these 3 stars at best ... COMFY , PRETTY , APPEARED TO BE DURABLE ... 
These slipper are perfect they feel so warm and soft . 
These slippers are comfortable and soft at first , after a few weeks of wear they are still soft , but not quite as comfortable . 
Love these slippers - they are comfy , stylish , have a substantial foot bed and can go outside ... can't ask for more ! ! 
Very soft , pretty color . 
A size 10.5 would have been perfect . 
I love these slippers . 
I have had isotoner slipper before but these ones are an upgrade with the nice supportive rubber sold . 
They are easy to slip on and great for walking around the house . 
The magenta color is so nice . 
I wear a size 8.5 , average width for flats and these were perfect . 
My husband got me these and they fit great . 
well they are a nice pair of slippers , not the color I wanted but they are comfortable and very warm . 
When I first got them they were very comfortable and I was satisfied . 
They are also stretched out so they flop around a bit . 
I spend very little time at home and I never wear slippers outside . 
Very comfortable as bedroom slippers . 
( They are not intended for outdoor tho rubber sole allows a trip to the mail box . ) 
These house slippers are so comfortable . 
They fit me just fine . 
and loved them for a little while . 
Decided to return to Isotoners and now I remember why I used to love them . 
Soft , comfortable , WASHABLE ! ! 
Good solid footbed gives great support , sole makes going out for the morning paper easy . 
These are comfortable and cozy . 
I wear a 7 or 7.5 and am happy that I got the 7.5 in these . 
I am happy with my purchase and will buy another pair if they stretch out . 
Not as much support as I would like , but very soft and comfortable . 
A little stretchy so becomes somewhat bigger , but still very happy with the soft feel . 
These clog slippers are comfortable and easy to get into and out of . 
These Isotoner slippers are extremely comfortable , fit well , and have a sole durable enough to go outside if I need to do so . 
These slippers were comfortable for about a week . 
The " cushiony " inside , which was the selling point for me , lost its comfort after about a week . 
Soft and comfortable . 
Love these slippers . 
They fit well and do not slide off easy . 
For a harder bottom shoe , they are relatively quiet . 
I have 10.5 men's , the 11-12 fits well . 
It's good to have a pair of these for those rainy days . 
I bought these for my 91 year old dad , need him to be safe in the crazy Chicago winters . 
Good quality and good price . 
i have bought this watch for my husband and he LOVES this watch , the watch looks nice on whatever you are weaing 
I love Invicta watches especially their divers watches . 
I never use the function but I am displeased with how fragile the stopwatch function is . 
It's heavier than most watches , but I love the size . 
It's easy to read and wear . 
Usually I buy directly from the Adidas website , but these caught my eye because of the cheaper price . 
First of all , they did not fit well . 
They were much too big for the Medium that I chose , these bagged out in strange areas , I was swimming in them . 
The stripes on these pants are not the same quality , nor are they sewn on the pants as they are on the originals . 
I absolutely adore these . 
They are so comfortable . 
I love these so much and have a couple of pairs . 
Great for lounging . 
I have had these a while and they are so comfortable and perfect for colder weather . 
The fit is great and I love that they are long enough . 
Item is comfortable and soft . 
It is comfortable and fits to size . 
Well made , color perfect . 
For boy or girl . 
I have washed them several times with no problems . 
I like it OK but am afraid to wash it as i have had problems washing different materials lately . 
It is of good quality the stitching is first class . 
I always wear an extra large , but after reading the reviews , purchased a 2xl . 
After a couple of washes , it fits well but a bit baggy . 
The black fades nicely after several washes . 
If you are a borderline XL .. on he lower side .. they will work great . 
They didn't seem to shrink too much after washing in warm water and drying in the dryer . 
These are 100 % cotton and the cotton material is very soft and comfortable . 
Bought shorts for the summer season . 
Very soft and comfortable . 
After washing , do not change the size . 
Not scratched . 
These shorts are soft , and I love the pleasing colors - navy blue , a light blue , and a soft lime . 
This is a baby gift , and I was happy to have the choice of 6-9 months size . 
I believe they will easily combine with a cute one piece shirt with snaps . 
Perfect loose waist for my chunky grandson . 
love these ! ! 
my son looooovvvee them ! ! ! 
These shorts Fit perfect and are cute ! 
They seem to be comfy for my son , too . 
Great price-would buy again . 
Love the colors , but runs large for my 13 month old who is 21lbs and 30.5 " tall . 
I bought these for my new grandson who lives in the south . 
It was getting warm and I counldn't have him sitting around in just a diaper , lol . 
Saw a picture after he got these , they look like they fit just right and very comfortable . 
They will be perfect for the collectible reborn dolls I make , and need something to cover the upper part of the thigh , where the cloth body connects to the vinyl legs for 3/4 leg sculpts . 
I will reorder in this color and the pink set . 
A lot of room for my son to grow . 
Good quality and affordable . 
I love this brand . 
These do run a bit big , especially in the legs , but thats part of what keeps baby comfy ! 
Super soft and not too heavy , perfect Spring shorts . 
Excellent deal for a three pack in soft colors that should match many onesies or tops . 
Love these ! 
This coat fit the bill and with the spare liner I had which fit perfectly , he had a great winter coat . 
The price was right as well . 
very comfortable and stylish 
Fits as expected and comfortable.Great everyday casual shoes.Will go well with jeans.It ' s a great buy . 
They are very cute and comfortable , my nephew love them ! 
Easy to clean and great colors choice too ! 
i have always bought converse slip ons for my son - the size 10 is much bigger than a normal size ten - not totally true to size - keep in mind when ordering . 
Easy on , easy off . 
I love these and wear them all the time . 
This is the first pair of shoes I've bought on amazon that actually for perfectly . 
I bought a size larger than my normal size . 
They look great and are very comfortable and easy to wear . 
Very happy . 
I am a fan of thick jean material , strong stitching , and a good fit . 
These Lee jeans are all of that and more . 
I am wearing them right now , and they are my new favorite pair . 
I'm sure it's high quality but not my style . 
The waistband on these clacks is so tight ... no give . 
Which can look great , but honestly the button was stitched on so tightly , that neither of us can even get the button hooked even when not wearing the pants ! 
The button is not far enough away form the waistband material to even loop it into the button hole . 
They would be great , but I don't think getting a larger size would help . 
It was my first experience with this seller . 
Thanks 
He lives in a different state , so I haven't seen them myself , but he says he absolutely loves the way they fit , the way they feel , everything . 
The size is small and when you buy a relaxed fit you do not expect stretch pants . 
Not to mention that the size was a bit large . 
It is wrinkle and stain resistant which is nice and we decided it was worth keeping . 
I bought this pair of Lee Jeans for my husband and he just loves wearing them . 
Great price to ! . 
I have always purchased Lee Jeans only because they are the perfect fit for me . 
not baggy in the seat and at the thigh . 
I never purchase jeans that are baggy in the seat and legs , this makes one look fat or doesn't know how to purchase cloths . 
have always worn lee jeans for over 20 plus yrs . 
The lady said she couldn't take then in anymore or the pockets would be together . 
Good for " jean day " at the office while still looking good . 
These jeans fit great . 
Lee Men's Regular Fit Straight Leg Jean , Fatigue , 34x32 fits as expired good quality and price . 
As a 6 ' 1 ' ' and 250 Ib this size fit me very well and the color was excellent though I thought it will be lighter but it is very good , and also the price , I remember last time I wear Lee Jeans It was really very long time , may be more than 30 Years and I was teen age and my Dad was working in Saudi Arabia and it was available there that time and I Used to wear size 36 but now with getting old as you see increasing two sizes , I will decrease my weight I hope . 
The reason for not wearing Lee for this long time as that it is not always available here and even if available it is high price so Thanks Lee , and Thanks Amazon 
Great fitting Lee Jeans at a great price from Amazon . 
This size fits great ! 
In my opinion , they were a bit tight at 40 . 
Hope I am not steering you wrong - just my body style . 
Hope this helps . 
No biggie I suppose as I can still fit into them . 
So going a size up can't hurt but your size should still fit even if a bit tight.Jeans look great ! 
I bought these for my son as a gift for Christmas . 
I have seen them on and they look well on him . 
I have been wearing Lee jeans for 40 years and still love the way they look and fit . 
They give you a more room in the crotch and ride on your waste , not your hips . 
I highly recommend them if these are features you like . 
This is not the first time I but these jeans . 
My husband uses these and Levis all the time . 
Color was what was shown also . 
The thing is the seat fit nicely and was not draggy . 
We are happy . 
And the Thunder color is a most attractive shade of gray . 
I'm happy . 
They are perfect . 
Thanks ! 
I am pleased with the way they fit and look . 
So very comfortable fitting . 
They are not baggy . 
One of the best pair of jeans I have ever owned . 
Just so solid . 
The material is as expected and the relaxed fit is comfortable . 
I've worn them a couple times and they are in the closet . 
They are the same Lees as always . 
With purchasing them online I got the size I wanted.From now on I will purchase my Lee jeans from Amazon . 
The pricing is great and the sizes and colors are available . 
Free shipping with Amazon Prime is also a great feature . 
Lee jeans have always fit me well , so I search them out when in the market for my next pair . 
They sit at the waist and are a slimmer fit than many others , especially the " relaxed " style . 
I'm a small , " wiry " woman whose lifestyle depends on well fitting , hardy jeans . 
These men's jeans fit me best and wear well , and the options for different colors and different weights are another plus . 
I bought two pair of these jeans about 5 years ago at a large retail store and absolutely loved the fit and quality . 
They soon arrived and to my surprise the quality and fit were the same , great ! ! ! 
They fit well , land higher up on the waist like I prefer and are quite comfortable . 
I've worn both Lee's and Levi's all my life and although I've seen some reduction in value to both brands at times , these are just great . 
Highly recommended . - - - Ah me ... after I wore the black jeans for a while I liked them so much I also got the blue . 
I loved the material but the jeans was big around the waist which I could live with but much too large at the hips . 
These jeans fit her perfect and she loves them . 
I ordered jeans for an event and didn't need them . 
But they were also tight in the waist . 
She said they are very comfortable . 
Lee is the best though--just have to watch your colors . 
This is the fifth Lee Dungaree Jean I bye from this site . 
The 33x30 fitted perfectly . 
The first three I ordered were perfect . 
The last two were not . 
Great jeans , perfect fit and plenty of pockets and places to carry my glass case . 
Very durable and sharp looking . 
Purchased for my 28 yr old son . 
That's not a defect in these pants , of course , so it's still a 5 * score from me . 
the design is good but it is one size bigger than normal size . 
I have to wait for someone fromThailand carry back to USA for return . 
the color faded pretty quick but a nice looking pair of jeans 
I have had the same jeans for about 15 years , and my wife finally talked me in to buying a new pair . 
These jeans are very comfortable , and they seem to be made well . 
This is my 3rd pair of Sperry Top-siders . 
My previous pair lasted for over 12 years and I LOVED them . 
The leather and sole are thinner than my other pair . 
What a pair of great shoes . 
I love these shoes . 
Since Sperrys are so comfortable and have so much support , I figured getting him a pair of Sperrys " masked " as a traditional loafer would be a great gift solution . 
My dad loved them . 
They are very nice quality . 
He is normally between an 11 and 11.5 W ( EE ) in shoes , and the 11 fit him perfectly . 
I bought a new pair of these shoes to ' supplement ' the pair I've been wearing for five years . 
The old ones are still in great shape , still look good , but I didn't want to chance a problem . 
Slipped them on ... a little snug , wondered if I'd make it through the work day , considered bringing my broken-in pair just in case . 
Well , by the middle of the first day , the new ones had broken in and fit perfectly . 
The shipping was fast . 
After breaking them in they fit great ! 
and they look great . 
I knew his size and converted it using the chart . 
They were a bit tight at the toes . 
Oh I mean , handsome son wearing this pair of shoes . 
Very good quality . 
Hm ... might be because handsome son won't wear anything else but Sperry . 
Great fit , out of all the boat shoes I have worn sperry offers the best sock free comfort and fit . 
I haven't had Topsiders for a long time , but used to wear them a lot " back in the day " ( 60s & 70s ) ... 
We all wear trainers a lot these days so a classic casual shoe like a Topsider will feel quite different , but these are still very comfortable . I went to a local shoe store and used the foot caliper measurement device to get an accurate size . 
I got mine on sale , so they were a great value too . 
Good value and fast shipping . 
Nice to be back in a pair of sperry's . 
I have been really happy with this purchase ! 
I love this shoes . 
These shoes are good quality and very smooth ride 
Got my son these boat shoes for the spring . 
They came in a nice wide width so they fit him comfortably . 
Love the style and the color . 
Package arrived in great shape . 
Love them ... don't want to take them off ... may need to order a couple more . 
They are still holding up as like new minus your normal scuffs . 
They are great for your wardrobe because beige , navy , and light red giving you some options to pair to your outfit . 
Highly recommend them ! 
They do not different from the pair you can get from the Sperry website and you can get them cheaper here . 
Wore these on a trip to Mexico City and they were awesome . 
On the second to last night I tripped and got a slight scuff on one , but it is not majorly noticeable . 
Great boat shoes . 
Loved these shoes . 
Comfy and good quality . 
Great slip on shoes and a good look ! 
My husband likes the nice loose fit around his butt and thighs of these jeans . 
We both love the double fabric on the knees to help his pants last longer while he's working around his cars , the house , and the farm . 
This is just the medium wt . , but it is the warmest , thickest sweatshirt ever . 
its a great sweatshirt ! ! 
the color ( black ) is nice so is the texture . 
Its definitely warm and heavyweight . 
Therefore , although this shirt does the job okay , it really is too big . 
But anyway , it's close enough , so I'm keeping it . 
I had it ordered for my husband but I did not get the right size for him so I had to returned it . 
The hoody was very good quality , thick , soft and warm . 
We love it . 
My son is 6 ' 3 " - 6 " 4 " an weighs about 250 . 
It fits perfectly . 
It does not shrink or fade ! 
It's good quality , heavier than the ones you find at walmart . 
All in all , a great purchase ! 
Bought these for my son as a gift . 
These have been really great work pants for me . 
Through rough winters outside ... and comfortable fabric . 
I have always been a fan of the brand , every piece of clothing I have from them is worth it 
A great pair of riveted blue jeans for the traditionalist who does NOT want his new jeans already faded by stone washing and other " aging " techniques . 
These are nice heavy but not to stiff.They are a really dark blue when new and have lightened slightly after 3-4 washes.They fit my 13 yr old well and look good too . 
I have been buying Dickies for work for along time . 
Great productGreat qualityPerfect fitWas waiting for a lighter color as per the images shown in Amazon , they were darker than expected . 
I will wear jeans until they tear up to the point that they can't be work in public anymore.These jeans seem rugged and sturdy . 
I think I'll be wearing these for several years to come . 
I can appreciate a looser fit but these are falling off . 
we love the pants they fit very good an they were as expected we recommended they are good quality pants 
I bought these for my 13 year old son , and he loves them . 
! after i received thethe jeans i told to my frends how nice they are , and my friends bought them too . 
I love these ! 
But they are perfect ! ! 
You will love these ! 
The material is very thick and rich feeling . 
Plus sized tights for the win ! 
I ordered these because I HATE when stockings ride down and give me that awkward tummy bulge . 
Be aware that they are a bit large and you may need to adjust once or twice throughout the night , but its really not that bad . 
these were perfect for my roaring 20s costume but they were too long . 
BUT these were amazing ! 
They go to my thighs and higher if I wanted to , and they are not too tight , so it is comfortable to wear . 
Perfect and cute too ! 
I got these in a medium because I figured the bow would make them tighter at the top than normal thigh high tights . 
They are still way too tight ! 
These fit nicely and look great ! 
They are sexy and great for costumes or ' fun ' at home . 
These fit well and even stayed in great condition after wearing and washing - definitely keepers ! 
Great price too . 
These thigh highs are for a courtesan costume of mine and look fabulous .. sexy and fun .. great fit and construction .. they look fabulous and I have everyone asking where they can get them .. 
I highly recommend . 
MY greatgrandson enjoyed this watch very much and it was just what I was looking for as a Christmas gift . 
Always have been a fan of " large faced " watches . 
Classic look . 
Could have been a little less in price but I can live with it ( LOL ) Love the date feature on it as well . 
I have had this watch for over a year . 
The lap function works great , when I remember to hit it . 
The strap has held up fine and it is my everyday / casual watch as well . 
This is an excellent watch overall and I give it 5/5 stars . 
Although the price is a touch high compared to Casio models , it works well and seems to be pretty tough . 
In general , I prefer Casio , but I do like the large display and durability this Timex Ironman offers . 
I've had it for several years and it performs well . 
This is nice , since I'm not a huge fan of the typical rubber bands on most digitalis . 
Anyway , it's solid and works well . 
First the Pros : - Nice big numbers to read when on a run - Band is unridged , so reasonably comfortable - Alarm and Interval Timer work nicelyCons - Flix technology broke , then ... - Indiglo feature died - wrist band loop broke ( annoying ! 
They were comfortable right out of the box . 
I choose this shoes becuase since I was a child they were on popular and they still . 
My son love them they are very comfortable and the advices about they were a little bit bigger help me when choosing the size . 
I love the way they fit . 
These were not birki flor , but leather . 
I always love Birkenstock leather sandals because they are comfortable for hours on end . 
I paid only $ 50 for them so they were a great deal . 
I've always loved Birkenstocks , and they will always be my favorite sandals . 
I gave them 5 stars because they fit great , delivery was timely , they use quality materials , and I managed to get them for < $ 100.My Pros-They go great with shorts or pants . - Improve posture . - Wide array of shades / colors to choose from . - Can be dressed up or down.My Cons-Keep them dry ( if possible ) they're not flip-flops . - If you have a dog ( and a chewer like me ) be cautious . 
My posterior tibial tendon issue does not hurt while wearing these . 
The first pair ( 40M ) came and it was huge , this pair fit her perfectly and I have to say she LOVES these shoes . 
They slip on and off , they are super comfortable and they are holding up very well . 
My husband has worn this shoe for many years and loves them . 
Glad to have a choice of more colors . 
I've had these quite some time , they are still comfy . 
Easy to slip on and nice to walk in . 
Love these sandals , the fit true to size . 
I'm usually a size 91/2 in womens , then 40 fit me perfectly . 
I received the new pair within a few days , and then I shipped the first pair back using the supplied shipping labels . 
I also received a confirmation email when Amazon received the return , and therefore I am pleased with the outcome . 
I love the quality of this sandal , and the comfort of the foot pad , but I am tripping over my feet because the right size is too large . 
I don't usually wear a narrow width , but had to exchange these for narrows after finding that my foot was swimming in the regular width . 
They are very comfortable for wearing around the house . 
Everybody tells me I should not wear these " birth control " shoes elsewhere :-) Great service from Amazon in the exchange process as always ! 
I've had Birkenstocks off and on for years and years . 
These were recommended by my physical therapist after I had my foot reconstructed . 
My husband is always a size 11D so I ordered a 45 and the fit was perfect . 
This color is a nice neutral Taupe . 
I love them and so does he ! 
What is a problem is that the top part of the shoe collapses when not being worn-not always , but often . 
This means you can't just slide your foot into it , you have to maybe find a place to sit so you can put it on if you don't have the balance to stand on one foot . 
Nice foot bed , and great support . 
A good sturdy shoe for everyday wear . 
Shipping was timely and would do business again . 
They fit pretty true to size and highly recommend anyone thinking about purchasing a pair , do so , you will not be dissapointed . 
My husband loves them . 
So I had to send the first pair back . 
Smartwool is the BEST . 
These socks are comfortable regardless of the temperature outside . 
As is true for all wool products , it is important to air them out after every wearing ... do not store them away in a dresser or closet to air out . 
They will always dry overnight unless it is very warm and humid . 
I also wore thick wool socks when I used to work outdoors in Northern Wisconsin during their winters . 
I never in my life thought I would be comfortable wearing wool socks during any season other than winter or cold weather.These socks really are worth all the 5 star reviews they get . 
I tried them on a trip to Paris France recently and I compared them to my standard cotton socks and also to synthetic sports socks.They are well cushioned and relatively thick . 
I never had any issues with blisters , overheating , or that scratchy feeling you sometimes get from wool . 
The smart wool socks exceeded the synthetic sports socks and my regular cotton socks in every category . 
I had no blisters and they are warm when wet . 
Durable also . 
very comfortable and fits well 
Love these warm socks . 
Great as a base layer inside my fleece lined Wellie Boots . 
They are nice and warm without the uncomfortable bulk that many wool socks add . 
The pattern is attractive . 
I bought a pair of Minnetonka's Kilty Suedes in a different color and I absolutely adore them . 
My 82 - year-old mother did , too , and asked for some of her own . 
They look good , feel fantastic , and wear like iron . 
I loved the shoe , but it was to big and wide for my foot . 
Love the color and feel . 
I had a pair when I was younger and lived in them . 
So we both win . 
if not go bigger and hope it conforms more to your foot ? 
I ABSOLUTELY love these shoes . 
Never had a pair of Minnetonka , so these were my first and I love them . 
They're so comfortable . 
I am usually able to get my size without issue , but these were way too big . 
I have never bought this brand of shoe before , so this just may be how they are sized . 
The quality of the shoe seemed nice , but I just returned them because I did not want to hassle with trying to get the sizing right . 
Bought this to support a holster and mag pouch for recreational use of a Remington 1911 R1 . 
easy to use , should last for years . 
love it ! 
This belt is made to carry your gear with Alice or Molle , not hold your pants up . 
Take this in account when measuring your waist . 
This is a tool not a fashion statement . 
I have another pair of UGG boots and love them . 
These had no give in the sole so it felt like I was walking on snowshoes . 
The inside was plush and warm without socks on but I tend to wear socks so it was impossible to get my foot into the slipper with any socks on--even thin ones . 
Not for me . 
A bit pricey but Uggs are . 
I bought these as a gift and she loves them . 
I absolutely love my UGG bedroom shoes . 
They keep my feet so warm and toasty . 
Just wish they were not made in China ! 
I love these ugg slippers ! 
Any ugg is wonderful and these will not disappoint . 
They fit true to size for me I'm a 7 and ordered a 7 and they fit perfectly . 
Just love them ! 
They are perfect ! ! 
This is my 5th or 6th pair . 
One pair is the terry . 
I got a black one and it looks very pretty but I had to exchange it for a large size since it runs small . I have a 7 1/2 shoe size and with the large slipper I feel very comfortable . 
I bought a pair of these a number of years ago . 
They are just the perfect thing for traveling . 
They take up practically no space in your suitcase and I wore them around hotel rooms , stepping outside for a bit . 
Extremely comfortable . 
Here they are and I am ordering a new pair . 
They are a pretty satin finish and very comfortable . 
Highly recommend as this was an excellent buying experience . 
Oh yeah they also look great ! 
These slippers were great for Grandma . 
She loved the style , easy of wear and quality . 
Color was practical . 
They are comfortable and look nice . 
The size large fits perfectly as I wear a size 8 or 8 1/2 shoe . 
Not fuzzy , not funky , just practical . 
Fit beautifully , shipped as expected . 
These are very comfortable around the house and are cute as well . 
I forget I have them on because they are so light . 
They seem durable for such a light and comfortable slipper and I really love them . 
I've gotten these slippers several times over the past several years , and they haven't changed . 
I like how light and comfortable they feel . 
These fit very well , not too big or too small , and they are VERY comfortable ! 
Love the pretty ivory color as well ! 
I have had these for about 6 months , and they are holding up beautifully ! 
I wear them mostly around the house , but occasionally outside for a few moments . 
Comfy and not bulky . 
i did not heed the reviews i read because my feet are so small , but i should have . 
i bought more and ordered a size medium instead of small and they fit perfect . 
My house has mostly hardwood floors that are colddddd , so these are great . 
Love em . 
These were the first ballerina slippers I was able to find that fit me . 
They are good quality , nice looking , and are comfortable . 
I am very happy with them . 
Otherwise , they were pretty comfortable . 
Loved the white satin . 
Wore it after my wedding ceremony during the luncheon afterward . 
We don't wear shoes in our house , and I'm not a fan of big bulky slippers . 
They are lightweight and very durable . 
They have lovely leather soles and are lightly padded inside with a terry lining . 
LOVE these . 
Comfortable and keep my feet warm , not too warm . 
I'm an 8.5 and the size large fits perfectly . 
I love these slippers . 
They fit perfectly ( once I realized I needed medium ! ) . 
I love these slippers because they are light weight and comfortable . 
They pack easily when traveling . 
Blue color is slightly lighter shade than shown in picture , but is close enough to be perfectly acceptable . 
I wouldn't hesitate to buy this same shirt in different colors . 
Length is good for me , I'm 6-1 , which is too tall for a Regular and not tall enough for some Tall sizes . 
The shirt fits great and looks good . 
I really like the blue color of the garment , a very nice shade . 
I am slowly getting my husband to transition to wearing these shirts over the brand name xxl shirts he's always worn ( Fox , Hurley , etc ) . 
These shirts are great and come in tall ! 
Nice style and quality . 
Will definitely buy more . 
I fall between medium and large in shirts usually . 
I got this in medium , and it was very big on me . 
I still wear it ; it's not " uncomfortable " per se , just less comfortable than any other Henley I've ever worn . 
great work shirt 
Soft material , sturdy seams , true to size comfortable ... enough room to move freely but not enough space for sag and bag ... son liked it as a birthday present . 
This is definitely good quality . 
It is thick , warm and fits him well . 
It is nice to be able to order online to get the size that you need without having to search around or settle for a color because they don't have it in the size you need . 
This is a good all-purpose hoodie that is comfortable and warm , but not too warm . 
The royal blue is not 100 % cotton , but it's still mostly cotton and it didn't fade in the washer or shrink in the dryer . 
It's good for working in the yard on cool days and it was a decent price . 
nice outfit for me can wear and l love it so much and nice colour again and doesnt shrink when you wash it especially here in stan 
This was a gift for my husband who has 2 other windshirts in black . 
The fit was perfect . 
That needed to be put on the outside . 
It's thick , the suade part , but the shiny inner makes it cold . 
It turns out to be a great golf shirt - especially for the price . 
They are not your fancy style hoodies so keep that in mind if you plan on going out on the town with these . 
I purchased to of these for work in two different colors in a size large . 
They both fit as they should , true to size . I'm stocky and usually have a hard time buying sweaters because if I get a large it fits great and then I wash it and then I look like a sausage ... Or I buy an extra large and then I wash it and length wise it's too big . 
I could have ordered my usual size - medium , but the large is fine . 
The color is so fantastic and this hoodie is really warm . 
great 
I thought this sweatshirt was for children , so I ordered a large . 
It is for adults so I received an adult large . 
Did not shrink and the color stays true . 
Somewhat more lightweight than an all cotton shirt , but just right for spring . 
Although I really prefer all cotton , this serves for everyday and it is really nice that it does not shrink UP and stays long enough . 
i don't get the negative comments , this fit me perfect . 
i am female and got a size small in mens in juniors i wear L . this was made well . 
warm and soft . 
The color material and workmanship are good quality . 
wanted something dark in color to wear while playing with the kids at the playground and on the field , but that did not cost a lot . 
nice feel , fits well , has not faded , is cotton , best of all , under 20 $ US . 
These fruit of the loom shirts are average thickness but very comfortable . 
quality made , like the pocket , and price is nice ! 
very happy ! 
it's nice to make him happy . 
Somewhat large , but its okay as undershirt wear . 
I am not big fan of the fabric though . 
Not amazing as other fruit loom products . 
I loved the color and generous size of this shirt . 
A little thinner than expected but over all comfortable . 
This shirt is a gift for my dad and this lovely . 
They look great and are very comfy ! 
I got a medium , should have got a large , fits a little snug , but still wearable , I live in a very hot climae , and like my arms covered , and this is light weight enough for summer heat . 
A great t to go with my summery Azules maxi skirt . 
Perfect fit ... I usually wear a medium but ordered a large for summer comfort . 
Beautiful color and washed up well . 
nice comfortable fit . 
i bought my actual size and fit perfect . 
Fits well , looks good , washes well , keeps its shape . 
Bought one in each color . 
A tiny bit snug though , but alright . 
Nice color , a navy blue . 
I bought a couple of these shirts for my fiancé . 
The California blue and the Birch colors . 
They are very comfortable and true to color . 
My husband is very happy with these Polo shirts . 
It fits true to size , not too tight or too baggy . 
There are 3 reasons I buy a shirt , style , fit and color . 
This Polo shirt meet all my expectation of style , fit and color ! 
I was very satisfied with it and I like for the color and fit . 
Very nice , rich color and has washed and worn well , but it is thin ( good for summer ) , wrinkles easily and holds dog hair , lint , etc like a boss . 
My husband likes the color and is perfectly fine with the thinness , but he hates how easily it picks up our dog's fur . 
I purchased a XL , usually my husband is a XL , but I've been caught out before when purchasing online , needing a size bigger or smaller . 
XL was the perfect fit ! 
Great shirt , breathable material for the skin , plus after a wash , just hang dry , no need to iron - thank gawd ! 
I took a chance and ordered some . 
These shirts are very soft and very comfortable . 
Great quality and fits perfectly . 
This shirt is a tad bit smaller than the label indicates . 
WITH AMAZON , MY MOM CAN SHOP FOR ME JUST AS IF SHE WERE AT A STORE BUT SHE CAN'T GO TO A STORE SO THIS ALLOWS HER TO BUY GIFTS FOR ME AND OTHERS THAT SHE WOULDN'T OTHERWISE BE ABLE TO BUY . 
IT LOOKS GOOD RIGHT OUT OF THE DRYER AND IS SOFT AND COMFORTABLE TO WEAR . 
WE LIVE IN A HIGH DESERT AREA AND THIS MATERIAL IS TO BE COMFORTABLE YEAR ROUND . 
THANKS AMAZON FOR MAKING IT EASY FOR MY MOM TO SHOP FOR ME AND THIS WAY SHE CAN LEAVE AN ITEM IN MY CART AND IF I DON'T REMOVE IT , SHE KNOWS I LIKE IT . 
IT'S A FOOLPROOF WAY OF GIVING . 
AMAZON IS DEFINITELY THE BEST WAY TO SHOP FOR OUR FAMILY AND THIS SHIRT WAS A GOOD GIFT THAT HASN'T FADED , STILL HAS THE SAME COLOR AS WHEN I FIRST GOT IT AND AS AN ASIDE , THE COLLAR ON THIS SHIRT DOESN'T ROLL LIKE SOME OF THE BRANDS OF POLO SHIRTS I'VE OWNED IN THE PAST . 
THE SHIRT FITS VERY NICE . 
AND LAUNDRIES GREAT . 
ORDER SEVERAL OF THIS SHIRT FOR WORK , AND BOSS SAYS RIGHT COLOR AND STYLE . 
the t-s * * * came out way too big even when I selected the size you usually use . 
also the quality of the fabric is low , I do not think you can use more than 1 time . 
these size medium fit me other then length but that's more of personal preferences thing . 
It's not well proportioned . 
My husband likes cotton shorts to run in , so these are great . 