We bought several tutus at once , and they are got high reviews . 
Sturdy and seemingly well-made . 
The girls have been wearing them regularly , including out to play , and the tutus have stood up well . 
Clearly plenty of room to grow . 
But this is not difficult . 
Thank you Halo Heaven great product for Little Girls . 
Will buy more from this seller . 
Made well and cute on the girls . 
Thanks for a great product.NEVER BUY FROM DRESS UP DREAMS ... I will buy more as long as I don't buy from " Dress Up Dreams " I never rec'd or order in FL . 
Only rec'd pink , the purple one was missing . 
Company is a rip off . 
I received this today and I'm not a fan of it but my daughter is I thought it would be puffier as it looks in the pic but it's not and the one they sent me is pink underneath and the waist band is pink which is not what I wanted due to the fact she already had the sandals she was gonna wear with it now I gotta find another pair of sandals , ima just keep it cuz she likes it . 
She fits a 4T and it's just above her knee , and has a little bit of growing room , although I'm not so sure as much as others are saying . 
But considering how often she wears it , I'm not worried ! 
;) 
Was hoping to order more in different colors.She had hardly used this , the stitching came apart in 2weeks.now it's lying in her closet .. Altogether she wore it like 4-5 times for 20 mins or so.wish the stitching was of better quality to hold up while little ones wear it . 
Can't recommend . 
Never GOT this item - but gave a 1 STAR because the replies from the SUPPLIER was GREAT.They tried to send the item more than once.My $ was refunded in a timely manner too.It was a shame I never got it for my daughter - it would of looked great with her OUTFIT for Dr . Seuss WEEK at school.Most original.Maybe next time . 
I wanted to have the title summarize my thoughts if you decide not to read the entire review . 
I wish the drawers were deeper for holding her many necklaces . 
My granddaughter is only five years old , so having the background knowledge of knowing when to stop the action of pulling the drawer from the base requires practice . 
You can adjust the strap to fit your taste . 
There are three sections and you can get quite a bit in it . 
I really like this . 
I ordered several different ones but this one is really convenient for the documents I want to carry close and safe where I can get to them easily , 
It might just be me . 
Although it seems well made and sized right . 
It just seems a bit flimsy to me . 
I debate if I really should not give it 5 stars as it does everything it advertises itself . 
I have my " throw away " wallet in my pocket with expired cards and a few dollars . I like the various pockets and zippered security to keep things in place . 
The neck cord is a little long so I had to tie it off so the stash would fall mid chest making it a bit more concealed . 4.5 stars - minus 1/2 star for long cord and a flimsy feel . 
This adjustable straps fit around my messenger bag , which has to pieces of cloth on both sides of the front flap , and have sufficient length to secure it , as a back up to the velcro closures . 
They have a heavy plastic clip that " clicks " to make sure they close . 
Very useful . 
Good for connecting one bag to another , but likely to get lost at some point . 
I am using to connect my laptop bag to overnight carrier , I am anticipating loosing or forgetting it somewhere . 
My son loves this . 
We had one before but after a year of being banged around they died , which is acceptable . 
So we got a replacement for him . 
I'm an adult so obviously it was a bit small but it was good for a costume . 
First of all the visibility of the display is much too dark . 
The images of the X-Lander on the Amazon and Suunto websites have been enhanced to the point that a case could be made for false advertising . 
Secondly , the instructions to set the numeric values ( meters vs feet , etc . ) 
Thirdly , the backlight feature is useless in low light or bright daylight . 
It is only good for pitch black darkness ... much too dim , but is probably the same as their military version , which has to be at a low level to keep the wearer from getting shot ! 
Fourth , ( probably for the same reason ) the alarm is not loud enough , especially if you are wearing the X-Lander under a couple of layers of clothing . 
As others have stated , it should not be counted upon as a means to wake you from sleep . 
Fifth , the barometric trend indicator is totally unreadable ... too small and too dim to see under normal circumstances unless you also happen to be carrying a small foldout magnifying glass ( which , as it turns out , I do carry while trekking ) . 
Finally , the feature navigation is not intuitive , meaning if you do not use the features and sub-features regularly , good luck with remembering how some of the functions are accessed , and turned on and off , unless you carry the instructions on your person . I am going to keep this " wrist computer " for trekking , but it will not be the watch on my wrist for everyday casual use . 
Because of that , there should be a way to shut off the X-Lander ( short of removing the battery ) so the battery does not run down while it's in the safe ... still hoping to find out how to do that ... doesn't have a stem to pull out like a watch . I can not recommend the X-Lander . 
It is a little pricier than some of the competition from Casio and Timex . 
Not that I truly ever relied on the Comp-Baro-Alti features , because we always had other more advanced devices for that . 
Master Lock has been around for a really long time . 
I purchased because of the name , the sturdiness of the lock and the color . 
Easy to spot which locker is mine amoungst the dozens , most sporting boring black locks . 
This is a fun little purse for a toddler . 
Just wish the steps were a bit longer . 
I bought this for my friend's three year old daughter and she absolutely adored it . 
My niece loves this little purse with all the items that go in it . 
She walks around caring her little purse just like her mom's . 
The child I gave it to loved it , she carries it around all the time . 
Cool toy for the Mommy mini me girly girl . 
This is pretty cute for the price . 
My 2 year old niece loves it ! 
I think her favorite piece is the fake lipstick . 
It's worth buying . 
I bought this when I saw it on Amazon . 
Lots of fun for a little girl . 
My daughter had one of these when she was a toddler . 
I ended up buying one for my step-grandaughter this Christmas . 
She was thrilled with it and just like my daughter used to do , she had a blast pulling everything out , going through it and putting it all back in . 
Everything is easy to hold , fun to look at , and just grown-up enough to make them feel like this really is their own purse . 
This was so much fun for my niece , a two year old . 
She liked the items so she could be " just like mommy " . 
bought this for our daughters 2nd birthday and she loves it . 
My first purse is very sturdy and nice for any little girl developing into a big girl . 
Bought this for a baby in the family , she loves real purses so I had to buy her the baby version ! 
The map seems to be a little cheap . 
It's connected to a small piece of rope . 
Nice quality , my daughter loves it to wear to her preschool ! 
She has it on her back all the time ! I don't want her to outgrow this any soon ! 
! 
These watches go forever . 
The band is the only thing that has ever broken on mine and a band cost almost as much as the watchYou can wash your hands or get caught in the rain and not worry about the watch since it is water resistant 
Love it.it ' s a bit edgy and bothering at first but soon its very comfortable.does it job.Considering buying ? 
You should . 
I need a watch to carry in my pocket , most pocket watches are too large , but by removing the strap and ancillary parst from this watch it does the job very well ; to only negative is the instructions that come in teeny-tiny print requiring a magnifying glass which is very irritating 
I thought it would be a bit bigger , but it was not . 
Worked for a while . 
Then it broke . 
Or maybe I lost it . 
But for 10 bucks who cares . 
This is the kind of watch you get before a trip where you don't want to risk losing , breaking or having stolen your real watch . 
It's cheap ( in cost ) because it's a cheap watch . 
So there you go . 
this watch should just be for a woman's waist . 
It is really a small watchactually gave it to my 15 year old Grand-Daughter 
It's not bad , but it's kind of cheap leather and doesn't seem to wear very well . 
They're a little bit large , coming from someone that has had many , many pairs of Converse . 
I bought these exclusively to be worn for my daughter's Mavis Halloween Costume and they were perfect ! ! 
She was comfy for a few hours of trick-or-treating with no issues of sore feet :) 
Man let me tell you , I always wanted a pair of these but I was being cheap and didnt want to spend the money ... But as you can see I broke down and went for it . 
I searched and searched and I am so glad for Amazon's buyers writing reviews because this is what made me go for it . 
I read most all of the reviews to make my determination of size because I made a mistake before because I didn't know to order a size smaller . 
If you a female and are buying a pair of Converse you better get a size smaller if the listings say Converse Men . 
The fit is perfect . 
Now I regret not getting one of these sooner . 
Awesome ! 
A very good decision . 
Got these for my son , as he is a fan of Daniel Tiger , and I thought they could match . 
He has had them for 6 months , and has worn them constantly - they are still in great shape , and he gets really good traction . 
It appears he gets good support too , so he looks forward to wearing them . 
I normally were a size 12 and the 11.5 fit perfect ! 
Excellent article.It was what I expected.Excellent Shoe and good service delivery . I am satisfied with the package . I recommend them.My daughter loves it . 
These converse shoes are the exact style I wore in the 80s and my dad wore in the 50s . 
Now my daughter is wearing them today . 
They dont provide any kind of cushion or support , I am so surprised they were actually worn for basketball back in the day . 
So cool and never goes out of style . 
Wear them with a tux or jeans or a mini-skirt . 
You cannot go wrong with these shoes . 
In Europe they cost three times more ! 
I have them in almost every color , and they are a good shoe when you need the ankle support.Will only give 5 stars if the item goes above and beyond expectations , which is why I only rated 4 stars . 
. 
I got them a month in advance , so my the time he opened them and tried them out to find they were too big , they store selling them through Amazon said they would not do a refund or exchange . 
My fault ... 
I was just trying to be on top of things . 
Will know better next time . 
While I have to agree that these seemed better years ago , they were still what I was looking for and what I expected . 
You can't beat the classics . 
I wore these in the rain , and they did excellent . I love them , ohh an d a FREE pair of shoe laces came along . 
YAAAY ! 
Fit is true to size and she loves them . 
She is fourteen and they are apparently all the rage . 
Excellent quality . 
I might just have to get a couple more , you can never have too many shoes 
These fit great and feel great to walk around in . 
My wife loves the shoes , however the size convertion was a little off no biggie , just send ' em back and get the right size . 
Ordered for my daughter for Christmas . 
I would easily recommend these to anyone . 
She seems to like them . 
They fit perfect soooo yeeaah that's it 
I get compliments on these shoes everytime I wear them . 
If you are considering whether to purchase them or not , DO IT ! 
You won't regret it . 
These shoes are timeless . 
I wear them all the time , and of course they get a little dirty . 
Great shoes good price arrived quickly great Job Love the shoes what else can I say Converse shoes like these are cool and durable Happy customer 
I love these shoes , so cute and I wear them every day ! 
And they shipped so fast 
For a long long time I have wanted a pair of these in pink . 
I think years ago these were made only for males because my brothers had them . 
From time to time I have seen them but never in pink . 
Well finally pink and I jumped on them as soon as I saw them . 
I have worn them and got some really nice compliments . 
I am a fashionista ! 
I keep buying both the low profile and high top versions for my son as he grows , and he loves them . 
I think the fabric is good for developing feet that need to stretch , but still give enough support . 
He likes these way better than the Saucony's I bought him , which seemed to never break in , and were a bear to put on . 
However , they stretch out after a while . 
My husband has wanted a pair for a few years now and this was the only place I could find his size . 
He has big old Flintstone feet . 
( Evidently no other color would do . ) 
Personally , I thought they looked a bit stiff and uncomfortable , but she seemed to find them just right . 
Cant say anything negative about them . 
Hope everyone else enjoys 
I purchased these classic converse to replace the old ones my boyfriend had . 
It's difficult to say anything else but that he loves converse shoes . 
I have 10 pairs of Chucks , and I will keep replacing the ones that get so worn out , as these did . 
Can't go wrong with the classics ! 
a little overpriced for the quality . 
I have never been so lifted dependably in all my life , probably since a teen . 
I can run , work , do anything and they stay in place . 
It was easy to follow the sizing guide and the bra I received fit appropriately ( it's supposed to be tight ! ) . 
I like fastening it in the front instead of the back , but there are quite a few hooks that can be tedious to fix up each time . 
I was disappointed in the efficacy of the bra for vigorous activity . 
This was my last stop in my tour of expensive sports bras that the interwebs say are best for ladies with large breasts , and I was hoping that it would blow the competition out of the water . 
It didn't . 
If you like breasts that are cube-shaped , this is the one for you ! 
Returning tomorrow ... and the search continues . 
I have 40/38 DD size breasts but I love to run . 
:-( THis bra has been my go to bra when running , doing HIIT and Turbo Fire . 
I've tried other bras such as the Panache and to double bra other bras but nothing compares . 
My ONLY gripe is that it's not adjustable and at 64 bucks a bra that sucks especially if you're losing weight because you'll have to spend more money on a smaller bra . 
Get this bra if you're looking for maximum support . 
I'm actually going to buy another one because I don't want to have only one . 
I ordered this ring because I needed something gold on my right hand to go with another ring . 
It's very pretty , just a bit too yellow . 
I still like it and will wear it when I need to balance out the gold . 
I was looking for a bag that was small enough that I wouldn't have to carry on my shoulder or would be too heavy ( I have a medical condition ) . 
On top of that , there is space to fit my cell phone , lipstick , nail file , and it could accommodate a couple more items ( small though ) . 
The leather is quite soft and the bag itself looks quite classy . 
The only complaint I would have is that the snap that closes the bag can be hard to close , but it is very secure . 
I bought this purse as a backup because I like the pockets and various compartments and don't like to carry a large purse around with me . 
I also like that it has a strap that I can put around me and there I go out shopping without worrying about where my purse is 
The colors I would have preferred were out of stock . 
Having said that , there is nothing wrong with the color I got . 
It isn't fully leather so don't yet know how long it will last . 
It comes with a check book cover which can be removed . 
I especially like that the ID view pocket has a hole in the center which makes it much easier to get you DL out when needed . 
Good quality , handy and functional , no bells and whistles just a leather product that works . 
However for me it just doesn't hold enough to be really a piece I'd be able to carry long term . 
Unless you don't have much to carry , I'd say skip it . 
Buxton , consider making this a little bigger to carry more and its a serious winner . 
I am surprised that no else has reported these issues . 
it is well made and doesn't smell of leather . 
It says real leather on cards inside it too ! I really like it ! 
perfect size too :) AB 
The wallet has served me well for the short time I have owned it , however , the stitching holding the picture ID window in place has become loose , is unraveling and is about 30 % detached . 
It appears the window will become unattached shortly . 
This unraveling is no doubt a result of having to produce ID several times a week while shopping . 
I sent it back . 
after reading all the reviews I was sure this was the wallet for me . 
It's very low quality leather and doesn't look well-made . 
It does have many , many card slots , but it seems it would break if they were full . 
Returned it . 
I have been looking for years in stores for a replacement for my 25 year old wallet . 
But you can imagine the looks I got with the one I was carrying , beyond old--it was tearing apart , looked terrible--but until I found EXACTLY what I wanted--it was staying . 
I just got finished transferring all my life from that to the new Buxton wallet . 
ALL FIT WITH NO PROBLEM . 
I am sorry I did not go on line before last week or I would have found this much sooner . 
But EVERYTHING , I mean it ALL fit with no problem . 
I didn't like the way the credit card sleeves were laid out and there was no zippered compartment . 
It was also slightly ugly . 
I sent it back . 
I bought this purse because I don't like carrying around a large purse but I need a lot of pockets for all my stuff . 
Actually this bag is made great but it has twice as many places to put cards as I need . 
The drawback is that the gap at the top when the purse is clasped is so large little items may fall out . 
With the price of lipstick these days , I won't chance carrying it loose in this purse ! 
The only problem I had was the snap closure is tight and actually pulled out from the bag when I tried harder to open it . 
This one has a place for everything , and I do mean everything ! 
I really like the currency compartment--there are two slots for bills and a center zippered compartment for coins , receipts , or large denominations . 
There are almost enough card slots , and there are a number of plastic sleeves if you run out of slots . 
For some reason the slots are not of uniform size and I had to do some finagling to make some of my cards fit . 
I originally ordered three wallets . 
I sent it back and kept the Visconti Heritage T - 35 . 
To me it appears almost brown rather than mahogany . 
It is well made and functional and the price is quite good . 
This slip is going to work great under a light colored summer dress . 
Slip is the perfect length for the dress and fits just as expected . 
It also makes me feel a bit like a ' 40s film star . 
Women need to dress like this more often ! The fit : I ordered my bra size . 
I'd order more colors ( I got the black ) , but they're all out of stock ! 
Bummer . 
This slip is exactly what I was looking for . 
The only drawback is the length is too long and not adjustable . 
I bought what I thought was a shorter length and it wasn't . 
It fits really well . 
It stays where in place . 
It's not bulky at all . 
Hidden under my dress and is actually kind of comfy . 
I am wearing a wire bra in a parade and don't want any wardrobe malfunctions . 
After buying two other more expensive pairs , one too light ( who would have thought that Jennifer Lopez was considered " dark " ) and one whose reviewers swore it was adhesive and it wasn't , I finally found these again and they arrived quickly . 
! 
Very easy on the skin and easy to take off , no pain at all , and stay on all day long . 
Love these for helping to hide that bit of exposure that always seems to attract the wrong " attention " . 
I ordred Queen size ... It looks like my child's 6x tights . 
It's no way I could get a leg into these . 
I hate panty hose . 
Won't plan on wearing again but it's good enough for the one time I needed them . 
Very sexy and gives nice finished look under your favorite retro dress . 
I gave the clear strap to one of my co-workers to try out and she loves them too . 
BUT , if it keeps my bra straps up all day long I will do anything ! ! ! 
I wear a size 34 - B bra so I would expect that unless you are a size 0 that most women would need the L / XL size . 
I was amazed at the quality of this night gown . 
The nylon was not the thin flimsy material that you usually see but a nice weight that should hold up well . 
It washed up beautifully and came out of the dryer wrinkle free . 
The fit was very accurate and the length was just right . 
I'm 5ft 3inch and it was perfect ! 
I plan to order other colors and these usually sell for much more ! 
All the Shadowline products I have purchased fit perfect and the gown or robes have been well made . 
I would buy Shadowline products again . 
Beautiful , good price , an excellent buy for anyone to enjoy . 
Since a few customers have commented that the quality has changed - and I have NOT found this to be the case , I want to include some information from a comment by one of the sellers . 
It will be after my own review . 
I have worn these gowns for more than 20 years . 
Stores , but they quit selling them some years ago . 
If you find the darker colors to be too revealing , you should probably consider flannel nightgowns . 
Just saying . 
ALL of the new Petals gowns are made from the same fabric now , which is their trademarked Opacitrique fabric--the original Shadowline Petals fabric . 
The new owner is extremely picky about the quality of his products . 
And I believe the Deep Lavender and Purple are now the same gowns . 
If you have doubts , it is a simple matter to contact the seller of whichever size & color you are viewing and ask them whether it is Opacitrique fabric : select a size and color , then click on the seller's name that shows up . 
On the right side of the page , scroll down to the link that says Contact Seller . 
Hope this helps ! 
Just like the green one I ordered earlier , fits great . 
Good weight , decent for walking the house , but feminine . 
Material is soft ... and wears like iron . 
The length is perfect . 
I love my gowns long ... not ankle length . 
I am 5 ' 6 " and the gown brushes the top of my foot . 
This gown is worth the money . 
Truly terrible . 
I purchased two of the three packs and upon opening one package I discovered that they were full of pulls that would lead to runs during / after first use . 
Next I tried on another pair only to discover that whilst the length of the stocking was fine the spandex / elastic was so weak that they almost immediately fell down even though they fit . 
I thought that by purchasing the ' fantasy black ' that they would be more like tights in color but that was not the case . 
Overall , very unhappy with this product and will be returning for a full refund . 
SURPRISINGLY THESE STOCKINGS ARE WONDERFUL ! MY Lady loves the way they feel on and they actually stay up on her Big ThighsWOOO ! 
HOOO ! 
I've been measured and that is the size of bra I wear in brands across the board . 
I cannot wear it with t shirts or thin dresses because of this extra nipple room , and because it does create sort of a torpedo effect . 
I also ordered Wacoal La Femme Contour Bra . 
The Bali Bra in my size has 4 hooks and very large straps also , the cups go very high on the breast , covering almost the entire breast , making it illogical to wear with anything that shows even a little chest ( not breast ) because the bra is visible . 
Been wearing this bra for many years , recently lost weight but cant wear a C cup.Looks great , that is what you expect from Bali 
great support for running , I have worn this ugly bra for 20 years , it has the best support and comfort . 
Have owned this name of bra for quite awahile and would't wear a different good style fit and price . 
This bra makes me look and feel like I've lost 20 pounds ! 
Good support . 
No shoulder ache or cutting in . 
The straps stay in place ! 
An underwire bra that doesn't poke me . 
Ideal for wearing under button front blouses and retro fashions such as sheath dresses . 
! 
Sports bras for DD + are a big load of nonsense . 
This does everything a sports bra is supposed to do but does it better . 
Get yourself a non-stretch Granny bra , get the right size and you're golden . 
I really wanted to like this as an everyday bra but unfortunately while support is good , the shape is quite off , cone shaped cups are rather rigid and leave the 50 ' s bullet impression that is quite unnatural and not flattering on anyone . 
Have been buying this style for years , never disappointed . 
Good support at a fair price . 
I BUY ANOTHER HAD ONE BEFORE , I LOVE THESE BRA THE BONES WAS NOT TOO TIGHT . 
Bali is a trusted name in intimate apparel , so I tried out this bra . 
I'm not one to like wearing bras but this one is nice . 
This bra has no padding . 
It is stiff and a wee bit scratchy until washed with Woolite or similar cold water soap.It is a minimizer . 
And it works . 
For those tops that are tight . 
This works ! MY BALI INDULGENCE 34 DD AND 36 DD . 
I CAN SLEEP IN . 
This is not sleeping comfort . 
This is for minimizing.The price is super . 
I've bought this brand of bra off and on over the years , but have noticed that the bras that come in white are about 1 1/2 " longer in the back . 
I don't know why there is this discrepancy but the white bras are perfect . 
The black bras can be used and fit fine , but you need to purchase a bra extender to place on the hooks at the back . 
If it weren't for that , these bras would be in the trash . 
This is a good bra in that it is not skimpy , but manufacturer needs to correct the defect in the black bras . 
I'm hoping they are not making the white bras shorter and only the black bras are are affected . 
I usually wear Lilyette Minimizer bras , but now they do not even make the one I really like . 
So I decided to try the Bali Minimizer , but although it fits , it does not minimize like the Lilyette does . 
I would recommend it for its flattering fit . 
I LIKE THE WIDE PADDED STRAPS AND SATIN LIKE MATERIAL . 
GOOD PRICE . 
The bra just fits around me too tight even in the last loop . 
Wonderful price . 
I have quite a few of these . 
I have it in three colors so far . 
It has to go back . 
FULL SUPPORT I HAD ONE BEFORE HAD TO BUY ANOTHER.GREAT BRA GIVES YOUR BUST FULL SUPPORT . 
MY WHOLE FAMILY WANTS I = ONE LIKE THIS . 
The bra fits a bit tight , was not quite the right size for me . 
I've worn this bra for years and ordered my usual size - - 38 DDD . 
Like many others who wrote reviews , it was way too small . 
Just size up . 
I like this bra . 
But it does squeeze me on the sides . 
The boning digs into my skin . 
I think this will be alleviated after a few washings . 
I think I will like it better once its washed several times and stretches just a little . 
I have had these before and found the same thing . 
I know the next size up does not fit ... its too big , BUT this is a nice bra , does a good job of minimizing . 
It does go up a little into my arm pits , but I don't think that will bother me after it softens up a bit . 
Like the straps and shape of cups . 
Well made . 
I would love to find a bra that I give 5 starts to but probably will not in my lifetime . 
Much better and more dependable than other internet sources I have tried , and so convenient to use . 
This bra covers quite a lot and is very comfortable to wear . 
Bought this for my girlfriend who is pregnant and she said that this bra is supporting her heavy boobs and need to get more . 
I going to surprise her with a few more , wish it comes in more colour . 
Buy to gift to my grandmother . 
She love it , and want to wear everyday ! ! 
Perfect to use in home really comfy . 
I like this gown . 
I admit it looked a little old-ladyish when i ordered it but it's really quite cute . 
It's modest enough if you have to pick up the paper in the driveway . 
The perfect quality of Shadowline tricot is tops in the business . 
There is no other that compares . 
I'm replacing 20 year old Shadowline gowns just because after 20 years they're a bit discolored - that's it - the fabric stays as perfect 20 years later as it was day one . 
This is an awesome gown . 
Have been wearing these for years . 
The gown is not flimsy nylon but a high quality material . 
You can't go wrong . 
The fit is perfect and the softness of the material makes for a wonderful experience . 
Oh , the price was excellent for the quality of the nightgown ! 
I have very narrow shoulders so my bra straps constantly need hiking up . 
Many years ago , I finally found a Wacoal that stays put but it no longer fits and is being discontinued . 
I have tried every single other brand on the planet and they all slip off so I got this to hold them in place . 
It works perfect . 
I like that it is adjustable , too . 
I thought the further up the size alphabet the larger they get I was wrong they also need to put the proper size chart along with the product . 
i wear pantyhose and nylons everyday and now have several pairs of hanes pantyhose . 
I always feel hose of any kind not quite as long as I would like . 
I am 5 ' 7 " and weight 129 yet they always seem to be " not quite " as long as I would like for an easier fit . 
Using prime it was free shipping ! 
I don't live around any stores that sell hanes and it would be a 75 minute drive to find them ! 
Thanks Amazon ! 
... oh and the hose ! 
I got these nylons for a party in winter . 
Normally I'm a bit leary of combination sizes , but these fit great and the quality of these panty hose is excellent ! 
I bought these pantyhose based on another customers review and I was not disappointed ! 
They are quite lovely on and the control top does the " tucking " I need it to do ! 
Put my heels on and felt so pretty ! 
Had they not got a run as I was putting them on I might give it a higher rating ... Was bummed . 
For some reason , i have this way of thinking buff = dark / tan color ... 
Turns out it was not even close . 
I normally wear barely there , and this one was very creamy . 
Although this isnt something i would wear on a normal basis , it did go really well with my black skirt w / white feathery sweater top . 
Hanes is quickly becoming my go-to brand for beautiful stockings . 
A little stiffer than I would have liked . 
But because the waist does run slightly smaller it fit a bit snug in the underbust and under the arms . 
I am sure that also the stiffness contributed to that . 
But if you order a size up on the waist size and are looking for something sexy and not something to wear for support all day it is a super cute and sexy bra ... 
Ordered online and the cup fit is a little off . 
I guess I'm just the wrong shape . 
The 32C underwire seemed to fit the same and the cup was a little small . 
So I guess I'm inbetween . 
If only they had them in my size ! 
This is cute but it's scratchy in all the places you don't want it to be scratchy like the band and the straps . 
Anyways , don't buy this one--go to the department store and find another cute one . 
Fit perfect and it was a good price for the size . 
It's hard to find bras the exact size I need so I was pleased when this bra fit as expected ... 
! 
Nice looking bra . 
I will be ordering more because it is so hard to find sexy bras in the larger sizes 
It is a 36 B , and I pretty much fill it out . 
As others have mentioned , sheer bras are normally way too large in the cup , usually because they're stretchy . 
This is not stretchy through the cup , and I couldn't be happier . 
I'm built lanky : long arms and legs , broad shoulders , small boobs . 
This does not dig into me , and I don't find it to be itchy . 
How that is supposed to help , I have no idea . 
Who ever thought that up ? 
This allows them to sit a lot closer to where they want to sit ( they tend to point outwards just a bit ) , however , it DOES GIVE SUPPORT . 
Hats off to Felina . 
And , thanks to all the previous reviewers whose comments clued me in as to how this would fit ! 
Felina makes some really great underwires , central gores , and band structures . 
Of the various brands of bras I have tried , Felina is the only one that creates bras that will perform to the standard that a good fitting bra should on me : stay on with the central gore flush with the breastbone , cups around the breasts , and underwires against the ribs under the breasts WITHOUT the straps on shoulders or band fastened . 
Seriously , the only brand . 
I've been fond of various Felina bras in the past . 
Unfortunately , the cup fabric does not quite perform quite as well . 
Felina bras tend to expect the vertical center line of your breasts to be farther toward your armpits than they are on me . 
This seems really odd to me given how well the underwires fit and lay flat . 
This particular bra has the added drawback of having weird fabric . 
It's a stretchy mesh with either lace or stitching of some sort in a lace-like pattern . 
Unless you're toting basketballs around , this causes some weird indentation effects where the lacy detail is . 
Overall , the cons outweighed the pros for me . 
Good support , too . 
Glad I found some Felina styles here . 
It turns out to be a little large in the cup , which almost never happens to me ! 
But the support seems good and the bra is both delicate and sexy while still providing coverage . 
I'll be returning for a smaller size . 
This bra is really pretty and holds the big puppies firmly in place.Great quality and looks very sexy . 
I will be buying again 
Like wearing a piece of silk with a little elastic throughout for support . 
No snags of binding against the skin and slack , etc . 
slide on and stay in place . 
I had 6 and just bout 4 more of these panties . 
These briefs have been my favorite briefs for over 25 years now . 
I am very long waisted and rather curvy and these are the ONLY briefs that I found that DO NOT RIDE UP ! ... I hope Bali never stops making them . 
I probably missed the explanation for the " seam " up the middle of the back side on this brief . 
Just a little too " clingy " for me , thanks.However ... for those of the younger set the clingy-fanny thing might just blow your skirt up.Was in a hurry when I ordered these and might not have read the details . 
I probably made this mistake and bought this item too big , but I think I could fit 3 other people with me in this thing . 
I normally wear a size 6-8 dress , but the size 8 underwear are enormous ! 
As expected cotton briefs . 
These Jockey briefs are good quality , but Jockey has a sizing problem between sizes 7 and 8 . 
There is at least 2 or more inches difference in the width of these two sizes and the 7 is more than an inch shorter . 
These are just what you would expect . 
If you want good cotton old lady panties these are what you need . 
:) 
These worked well for their intended purpose ; which was wearing after abdominal surgery . 
My normal underpants hit in the middle of my long horrible line of staples . 
I ordered these a couple of sizes too big and was much more comfortable . 
These really did hold up well to laundering . 
The fit is perfect , no problems with this product . 
Would recommend over Victoria Secrets any day . 
My 11 - year old daughter is 5 ' 2 " and weighs 103 lbs . 
She's straight as a board and doesn't have much of a butt . 
I was concerned , since I ordered online and couldn't hold them up to put my eyes on them before I bought them . 
She really likes the prints and when she tried them on she said they felt more like a bathing suit bottom . 
That's good , since bathing suits need to fit your body kind of tight . 
When I bought these panties , I really wanted to like them , but I couldn't get any further with them than opening the package . 
They have a " perfumed " smell . 
I really don't want any fragrance on my underwear . 
I really like these . 
They are very comfortable , no matter what I'm doing ( sleeping , exercising , sitting around ) . 
And they last a long time . 
They are thick , have nice shimmer , and will go great with my dress that I am wearing for the wedding . 
A very good bargain ! 
Since these don't last through too many washes ( maybe 8 tops ! 
) , I think spending $ 36.00 is just ridiculous . 
No thanks ! ! 
! 
These goofy looking things are my favorite undergarments for just about everything . 
does I don't was very it was too small for me to too small I ordered the right side but it still to size smaller but thank you anyway for the product I just all I did was we sell to sell it thank you though 
You will never get them on otherwise . 
( And if you do get them on , you'll be miserable . ) 
They also keep the skirt from sticking to your behind after you've been sitting . 
I really wish they'd make them in more sizes for larger bodies , but overall , they are awesome and worth the price . 
Its been a couple of years since I last bought Spanx , but these aren't exactly like the ones I already have . 
The panty isn't as substantial ( the older ones are double layers ) and the thighs don't stay in place like they use to . 
I am 5 ' 8 " , about 135 pounds , and the size B is basically what I expected . 
My husband only wears Jockey and we cannot find these local anywhere . 
He has been wearing these for years and is satisfied . 
So we give them a five star rating and will buy them again when these wear out . 
Husband loves the fit and the way they feel . 
Shipping was good and the package arrived in good shape . 
I have a wide foot , a bunion , and a ugly hammertoe , . 
I could never find a shoe that didn't bother one or the other until now . 
I just love having no tags .. 
I wish more items would have no tags . 
Panties are cotton making them cool and they breath . 
:) This was roomy on my the 16 month old , which was good since it allowed us to put a layer of clothing underneath . 
Beautiful bag . 
Lots of handy little pockets to hold manuals or filters or battery chargers . 
I like the style . 
it's water repellant and it is a no-frills bag . 
To my surprise , it fit perfect . 
I ordered this shoe on amazon in medium width and it still fit perfect . 
Way too big , even though I usually wear a 10.5 EE . 
I'd been thinking about getting a pair for years because of all the positive reviews so I finally pulled the trigger . 
On the downside though they are black seude shoes . 
I must not have looked closely enough because I thought they were just black leather . 
I suppose I just don't see myself as the type of guy that wears seude shoes . 
They'll work great for casual wear in the winter / fall , but come summer spring I don't see myself sporting these shoes with shorts . 
They really only work with jeans.Fit was as expected , unlike Keens that usually need a 1/2 size bigger . 
If you are looking for a supportive , comfortable slip-on for work or for casual wear , you may want to consider " Merrell Jungle Moc " slip-ons . 
These shoes are not light in weight ; the pair ( size 10 1/2 D ) weighs approximately 1 lb . 
12 5/8 oz . 
The suede is a good quality and finish on these slip-ons is clean and well done . 
Interior seams are clean and the lining is soft and cushioned . 
The soles are rubber and , if wearing these on wet surfaces , help prevent slipping.Because " Merrell Jungle Moc " are not flexible but are somewhat wide , you may find it necessary to order a smaller size than you normally wear . 
My spouse wears an 11 D in Brooks running shoes and an 11D in most conventional shoes . 
The " Merrell Jungle Moc " slip-ons that fit comfortably and did not gap or slide were a size 10 1/2 D . 
From the middle of the front to the center of the heel , the interior measurement on a 10 1/2 D is approximately 11 " . 
At the ball of the foot , the interior width is approximately 3 " ; at the heel , approximately the interior width is approximately 2 " . Individuals having more sensitive feet may find the point at which the sole joins to the shoe , near the ball of the foot , somewhat irritating . 
It was for this reason that my spouse purchased " Skechers GoWalk 2 " shoes and returned the " Merrell Jungle Moc " slip-ons . 
Overall had his right foot not been so sensitive , he would have kept them as he did like these shoes . 
I wear a 9.5 US Merrell but these felt like 10-10 . 5 ' s . 
I do not recommend these , I would not buy again , and I hope this helps someone . 
I have had some of the cheaper versions of these and the Merrells are definetely a cut above . 
Better arch support and so on . 
I expect they will wear a lot better as well . 
It would be nice if they made them in narrow sizes for guys like me though . 
So when he goes to bingo he is styling 
Didn't like the look of them when I took them out . 
Should have inspected at the store but did not . 
As always Amazon delivered and with no questions asked took them back ! 
Awesome . 
I got these shhoes for my father who loves going hiking and he really loves them , he now wears them everyday for the morning walk . 
I have been wearing Merrell's for about 12 years . 
These are very comfortable and I wear them on occasions that are not casual enough for myMerrell Men's Moab Ventilator Multisport Shoe . 
Seems lately the shoes you get are getting shorter or narrower or just don't fit . 
Had a few pairs of Romeos and all pairs hurt my feet . 
Told my wife I will need a nw pair soon because these will be worn out from constant wear . 
Now she wants a pair . 
Oh , did I forget to say , they are good looking , too ! 
bought a pair a few years ago and the qualityseemed better . 
Just what my husband was looking for . 
He only likes solid white casual shoes besides his track shoes for work outs in the NG . 
They fit true to size . 
The mistake was on my part . 
I thought I hit 10 instead of 9 . 
Gave to friend who wears 9 . 
They said K-Swiss is not like older K-Swiss . 
Got cheaper with material and fit too snug . 
It is just what I wanted to replace the old pairs . 
My husband loves these hard to find tennis ! 
they looked good but weren't nearly as comfortable as i was expecting . 
i ended up returning them . 
Unfortunately the sneaker does not run narrow andd the medium is just to wide . 
Disappointed skinny feet . 
Ripped in one wearing . 
LOW QUALITY 
If you are looking for the Reeboks that were made in the 80 ' s and 90 ' s , this is not it . 
The first pair I ordered in the size I have worn for decades was too short and way too tight thru the toe area . 
I have a friend who feet kill her she wanted these so order them for her so far they have work like a dream .. 
The low tread works on all floors and the hightop is good for no rolling your ankle . 
I use to love these in the ' 80 ' s but hi-tops became obsolete . 
Glad I could find some because in the hot summer I hate wearing my ankle braces as they make my feet sweat too much and constrict my blood flow making my feet and ankles swell . 
I've been wearing this type of shoe since the mid eighties . 
I don't recommend them for the gym , they are not made for it.But they are still so cute ! Thank you . 
I got this for the boyfriend because he needed a good work coat , and he loves it . 
I bought this sock to wear with my rain boots in the winter . 
It has lots of cushion and I have had no blisters after wearing them long hours . 
The extra cushion on the bottom is really nice , and I have been wearing them around my house as a slipper sock . 
My feet would normally start hurting after walking for a long time in those boots , but with these socks on , my feet don't hurt at all . 
These socks really do what they say they do . 
I would order another pair . 
The nape , though comfortable , lasts only one wearing before it is all pulled . 
It is hard to find a good compromise between soft and durable . 
They are socks that fit me well . 
I have no complaints . 
I did lots of backpacking during the summer . 
Nice heavy thick material . 
They last a very long time due to the type of fabric and they fit great . 
My brother has asked for a new pair every Christmas for the past few years because he loves them so much ! 
We originally purchased his Carhart pants for hunting . 
However , he wears them to school , in the snow and for all his outdoor activities . 
He started something , because a lot of boys are wearing them to school now . 
No matter how much dirt he piles on , they aways come clean . 
carhartt mean quality . 
plain and simple . i only wear carhartt pants and shorts . 
nothing else . 
After the third or fourth time I wore them , unreal fit . 
Carhartt pants are always very good , these pants are very heavy duty , don't see them wearing through any time soon . 
Size runs true , great fit , durable fabric , I have several pairs-will last a very long time ! 
Pretty decent deal , would cost you at least $ 10 more in a local store . 
On the one hand you get triple sewn seams but on the other hand , the duck cloth is pretty standard and not thick enough for daily hard wear and tear . 
A typical blue jean fabric is thicker than what you get here . 
I would give them 6 months max . 
They are a high quality product . 
I have older ones and knew what to expect and they didn't disappoint . 
These pants are awesome but they run small and that's why I rated them with 4 stars instead of 5 . 
If you are a big guy ( I'm 6 ' 4 275lbs ) that likes to have room YOU MUST ORDER 2 SIZES BIGGER ! ! 
Trust me , save time by doing so but in the other hand if you are skinny w / no behind then order your regular size or maybe 1 size bigger just to be comfortable . 
Every pair of pants fit differently however before you buy these keep in mind a dungaree fit means you will be wearing them like a rap star . 
Hanging off your bottom , and look ridiculous . 
No BS long sleeve . 
Fits like it should . 
Carhartt makes products that last , this is durable , materials and workmanship went into the product . 
The pocket allows for note cards and a pen . 
I use it when driving a student van . 
I wear Carhartt's T's every day , whether long sleeve of short , they are great-fitting , high quality and long-lasting ! 
I wear a basic cotton T-shirt under these.If you have a beer belly or chest measures larger than a 42 " regular suit a Large will probably be a better fit , also if you are going to wear over thermal shirt or sweater underneath go with the Large . I'm Carhartt brand loyal , I try to buy on sale , Henley was just over $ 20 so not much discount but Carhartt sells out - here on Amazon and in western wear stores - even if you pay full price you won't regret it . 
If the shirt fits buy it in every color ! 
Very heavy and is wearing well . 
Would definitely buy more in other colors . 
its a night gown , for me , if my husbands not wearing it . 
They cushion the feet where needed and do not shift or fall down . 
I still have some socks from this company that are almost 20 years old ! 
Thicker than most t-shirts . 
I probably could have used a large but it may shrink a bit . 
I think it does run a little on the big side . 
They are long and hold up to the wear and tear . 
Definitely would recommend ! 
High quality shirt worth the price I will buy more I got the Gray just washed it no shrinking ither 
The shirt seems to be very durable , and is thicker more dense material than your average T shirt . I ordered 2X , but I think I will order 1X next time . 
This t shirt is roomy . 
My husband likes it and that is all that counts . 
When Dockers discontinued my favorite pocketed T's five years ago , I started my quest for replacements . 
I've been disappointed until two weeks ago when I came back to Carhartt Men's Workwear Pocket T-Shirts . 
The Large is close to a perfect fit , and just a little big in the shoulders.THEY DID NOT SHRINK when just thrown into the washer and dryer , and came out remarkably almost wrinkle free . I don't know why it's called " workwear . " 
It's very comfortable , a little heavier than the better pocket T's , and will be my daily wear when I hike , am on a photo shoot , " working " around the house , or just lazing around . 
I'd consider it " casual wear . 
" I just bought 6 more , all in Large.ew 
Just out of the pkg . 
Dry on medium temp . 
only to avoid further shrinkage . 
It is 100 percent cotton , and is plenty long enough for our guys who need to do a lot of bending while working . 
Even while bending , this t-shirt delivers and covers what it needs to cover in the backside area . 
I wish there were more color choices in the 3XT other than the tan and green . 
This is a medium-weight or even a little better quality than medium-weight t-shirt . 
You won't be disappointed with the quality . 
Seems are well made and the fabric is thicker than most other brands of this class . 
I normally wear an XL , but that was giant on me . 
Didn't notice any shrinking . 
Have purchased Carhartt for years and recently have noticed the fit and the crew ribbing at neck have not been uniform . 
No others have this and this fits the most different . 
Am comparing this to what I considered original fit when the product had tags . 
These are sized uniformly and the ribbed neck have held their shape after many washings . 
I've purchased the 6.75 oz . 
only when stated , when no mention of weight assume their not . 
They are very durable . 
What I don't get is the neck-hole can vary a lot . 
These work shorts are high quality and very durable . 
I would definitely recommend these work shorts . 
I wear a 42 and the large is perfection . 
Can't beat Carhartt quality . 
My son is 6 4 and about 250 and these work great but they do run a bit large so an XXL somewhere else is an XL here 
You will feel how well made these shirts are when you put them on . 
The fit on these shirts is true . 
I have to say that in my line of work I am very hard on my shirts and pants . 
Carhartt is one of the few brands that hold up to the punishment . 
Love CarharttOrdered 2 for my husband hand he loves them.He has been wearing this brand for years.No shrinkageGreat quality , washes well . 
My Dad and Husband LOVE these T-shirts , they don't wear anything but these shirts now ! 
I ordered four of these Carhartt's workwear T shirts . 
I usually by Penney's but I have read they stopped selling the ones that I liked . 
Gave these Carharrt's a chance and so far I have been impressed with them . 
I wear a 2xl and tall too . 
They seem long enough for me and I am 6 ' 5 " . 
See how the work in time but for my early impression of them , they seem very good ! 
Not FR but serves as good a purpose as nat . 
fibers pose less risk of burn injuries . 
These were a lot thicker then I thought they would be but we will see how cool they keep me soon . 
:) 
It was more like an XXL than an XL . 
I would have sent them back but I already washed them . 
Very satisfied with this product . 
The material is durable for work wear . 
I really like the fell and comfort 
I thought this was supposed to be a fairly high end and durable clothing line for working class people ? 
first I have to return a pair of carpenter jeans because the leg width is laughably big - seriously , like clown pants . 
and now I have a tshirt that has little holes and looks faded after only a handful of washes . 
a $ 4 dollar hanes tagless t-shirt holds up better . 
The shirts were made of good quality nice heavy cotton was very happy with them you can't beat for the money they will last you a long time 
I got this and several others for my husband to wear to work . 
All are made of a heavy fabric that washes up great . 
Very heavy duty material . 
Quite long and actually is a little too big . 
Next time I will get a 3x . 
it's durable , had a decent length , and with thick enough fabric . I kind of wish the neck hole was a bit smaller though , every big and tall shirt company assumes you have the neck to head ratio of a seal . 
Ordinary socks don't cut it for hiking . 
Jacket is a little stiff but I'm sure it will ease up in time , really like the fit . 
I wear a large and I'm 5 ' 10 and 180 # and I couldn't ask for a better fit . 
We got this to replace an older coat that he accidently left out of town during a trip . 
Can't go wrong with Carhartt's ! 
he goes through a pair every two years . 
We tried them on in a store to make sure we knew what size to get to go over his regular work clothes . 
They last longer that way . 
Pay attention to the little things , there are 2 styles in these . 
but they are perfect . 
phew . 
they are what they say they are no worries about your purchase . 
Make sure you order about 10 sizes larger than what you need . 
I wear a size 36 waist so I got a 46 and it fits great over jeans with thermals underneath . 
The Reebok Classics were so cute . 
The width was perfect , but the length was a bit short for me , unfortunately . 
Good quality for a good price . 
But , we didn't have a black one in an adult size , which our older son needs now that he's bigger . 
I ordered this one from Amazon because I didn't have time to drive to Walmart ( which usually doesn't have what we need ) or Dick's ( an hour away ) . The belt is perfect - long enough and adjustable for adult sized waists , wider than youth belts , and made of stretchy elastic . 
These jeans are comfortable and not as expensive as some other brands . 
Never really a fan of jeans as I prefer the more standard khaki pants which I wear on regularly for work . 
These jeans however changed my perception and definitely feels as though they are made to last a lifetime as the materials used are quality to the touch and even the stitches used are of a high quality . 
Would definitely recommend these to people who appreciate a good quality jean . 
Relaxed fit will give you plenty of room where it counts and the heavy denim is durable . 
I feel you would feel comfortable wearing these pants . 
Very heavy duty for work , and wearable right out of the drier if you get them out before they cool down . 
I totally recommend them . 
Tactical Dad Jeans . 
These jeans fit exactly as they should and they are very nice . 
I would definitely buy them again . 
Sized incorrectly and could not obtain them in the size / length needed for replacement . 
Disappointing considering the brand . 
These are great jeans for casual wear . 
I am a Carhartt fan and will continue to buy this brand . 
I would recommend them to a friend . 
The only thing worse than wearing a pair of dress slacks around a power plant are looking like a mark with these jeans.May just need a few washes to dim these out a little bit . 
Again , quality looks on point though . 
I will update if there is a fade to the jeans . 
Been wearing this cut for years and probably will for many more . 
reasonably priced jeans that wear well . 
I'm a cheapskate at heart ... these are right up my alley ! 
I bought these jeans for my husband . 
He likes the jeans and feels like they are well made and durable . 
they seem a little longer than the 32 inch length I thought I ordered but other than that , they are the best . 
I will buy more of this brand in the future ! 
The pockets are good and made with a dark and sturdy material . 
I would highly recommend these jeans to others who are looking for durability . 
Fit is good , sizing accurate , wear exceptional . 
I have always worn Levi's - but sick of their lack of quality and high price , so I purchased these Carhartt Jeans to see if they were any good , Yes they are VERY Good ! 
Comfortable Tough you name it - I will continue to Purchase Carhartt Jeans ! 
The first two pairs lasted over five years through all kinds of wear conditions . 
The quality of construction far surpasses other brands of jeans I have purchased . 
Good fit , good-looking , good support . 
My husband loves them . 
Poor quality , the price is expensive . 
You should buy this product with caution . 
We have been buying these for my husband for about 10 years . 
They are very comfortable for him to walk in and they wear for a LONG time . 
My size is between 9 ~ 9.5 long . 
This pair shows a little bit somehow large but it's acceptable . 
I can wear thick socks and wearing it in cold days . 
It is a good choice for heavy guys . 
The seams are sewn well and you can tell it is very good quality . 
Would recommend . 
These are exactly right . 
We have had a horrible winter . 
Not so bad now . 
They are no longer brown . 
Instead they look like they were washed with something that bled into the brown threads and I guess it was the dark fleece lining that did it ... because the pants were washed alone . 
But for around the house and yard , walking dogs , hunting - they'll be fine . 
I wear these in the yard and when working in the cold and snow and I love them . 
In work boots these are the perfect length for a person who normally wears a 30 length . 
The same is true of the width , I am usually a perfect 38 and these fit really well.When I need a pair of jeans for wearing after work I will be looking at Wrangler . 
Very impressed . 
This is a heavy duty boot brush that won't slide around when you're trying to get mud off your feet . 
A little smaller than a dime I think . 
I like them - easy to wear etc 
I would not order such jewelry again . 
Bought these for my mom for Xmas . 
She really likes them . 
They also seem to be hypoallergenic . 
! 
They are very similar to some earrings I already own so I ended up giving them as a gift . 
These 14K gold hoops are about the diameter of a dime 1/2 inch , and the width is about 1/4 inch . 
The hoops seem sturdy , the catch looks fragile . 
I did wear them for a week nonstop and they never came undone . 
But I imagine taking them on and off repeatedly might eventually be an issue with the fragile looking catch . 
These hoops were perfect ! 
Good quality , sturdy and the size was exactly what I wanted . 
They're very light and you hardly notice you're wearing them . 
The main gripe I have is that the clasp is a little flimsy . 
I wanted small earrings to wear for every day , that I could also sleep in . 
I need to wear white gold since I am cannot wear silver or inexpensive fashion earrings due to a sensitivity to those metals . I have fair skin and dark hair , but you can still see these . 
You could also wear them in a second hole in your ear higher up if you piercings there.Someone else commented that they are about the size of a dime . 
I would agree . 
With the high cost of gold these days , they are worth the money . 
I found the earrings to be well made , shiny , and just right for everyday wear . 
These earings broke a week after I got them . 
I was very happy with the way they looked , but than they broke . 
Very cheaply made . 
These earrings are a lot smaller than they appear on the website , I am returning them since they are much to small for me . 
I ordered these when they had the 30 % off deal . 
I got all three colors . 
I don't like large earrings , so these are just the right size for me . 
I can wear them casually when I want to dress up just a little . 
For other people who may have more than one pierced hole , these would be great to match with the ball studs . 
I have those in 5mm . 
These ear rings are the perfect size . 
They are a good quality and are shiny and bright . 
I would recommend them . 
I LOVE THIS ITEM , A LITTLE SMALL THAN I THOUGHT , BUT OKAY , I WILL GIVE THEM TO MY GRANDDAUGHTER NO PROBLEM THOUGH , I'LL KNOW THE NEXT TIME . 
Simple and well made . 
Wanted to slip trollbeads , etc . 
over them . 
I get alot of compliments . 
People think I have alot of earrings ( which I do ) but not as many as they think . 
If you're looking for hoops that are not too big these earrings are for you . 
I like that they go with everything . 
I THOUGHT THEY WOULD BE A LITTLE TO BIG ON ME , BUT THE ARE TERRIFIC . 
I FEELLIKE A NEW LADY IN THEN . 
I WILL BE LOOKING FOR MY 14KT . 
GOLD FROM AMAZON . 
THANK YOU " AMAZON " FOR QUALITY PRODUCTS TO WEAR AND USE ! 
Pretty . 
Thin . 
Very light in weight . 
The size is adequate . 
These earrings I had to send back because they weren't that big like I wanted them to be and they were flimsy and for the price I expected to be a bolder look , and a heavier weight . 
Bought these to match a gold necklace that I gave someone for Christmas . 
It was not quite a match as these were a bit more rose gold in color , but they were close enough . 
I would recommend as long as you know they aren't a bright gold , but more of a rose gold color . 
I previously ordered the 7mm studs when they were a gold box deal . 
They seemed too large for me , so I ordered this size . 
Now these seem way too small . 
The posts are even notched to secure the backs . 
A very good buy . 
I recommend this product to anyone who wants a casual or even dress earring . 
Sorry , sis ! 
My backs are firm and the studs are long enough . 
I was sorry I was only allowed to buy one of each . 
The 2 prior were very fragile and dented easily . 
I wear these just about everyday and they have kept their shape and color . 
However , the backs are completely useless . 
They just slide on and off , up and down the post--there is no catch whatsoever . 
So I'm disappointed that I'm going to have to spend the time , money and effort to pick up replacement backs , but I expected this based on some of the other reviews . 
So don't hesitate to buy these since they are great quality and a good value , but do plan to replace the backs before you wear them . 
They are beautiful , just a little smaller than I wanted . 
But I recommend them as a quality and elegant set of earrings . 
The size is perfect and as I like to mix gold and silver they are just right for me . 
Would recommend 
The white gold and yellow gold contrasts are barely visible and can only be seen from real close . 
They've become my ' go to ' earrings for everyday wear . 
Just the right size . 
Not too chunky , but substantial . 
I really wanted an ALL Rose Gold look . 
And this company makes them in all gold and all silver with one side glossy and the other a satin look which would be my first choice , but so far they do not have it in all Rose Gold . 
I have shoulder length hair and they barely show . 
I might switch to a dangle shape instead . 
I have to decide ... it's hard to know what to do . 
I have a ring wth rose gold and would like earrings of same color to match . 
Not that the adult goggles are huge , but this case barely fits a youth size . 
Not a hard case . 
I would buy another one if I needed to , but the speedo case is a better buy I believe . 
I buy many of these in black . 
I wear to the gym and under dresses and tops . 
They are luxurious . 
AND they last through many many washings and come out like brand new . 
I could not live without them in my wardrobe . 
I highlhy recomment these pants . 
I am 5 ' 8 a nd they come down to my mid calf . 
Cheryl 
Danskins have been around for quite a while . 
I have purchase these as gifts and for myself . 
LOVE the material , because not the shiny " racer " fabric ; for me they slide down on the waist and pull the undies with them a tad doing weight machines , so I'm going to order a medium just to compare . 
I'm a 10/11 and had to order the large because afraid initially they'd be too tight in the medium . 
5 ' 8 " tall . 
I love the fact that I can wear them under clothing and head to the gym in warmth . 
They are just excellent in every way . 
I would buy them again . 
New Balance is one of my favorite walking and workout shoes . 
I don't know if it was only the brown / tan color I ordered or all colors ... but these were very unattractive on the foot . 
They looked huge ( long ) and clunky . 
Looked like my foot was about 6 sizes larger than is real . 
I returned them for that reason . 
I bought this for my two-year-old . 
He can't tell time , obviously , but he loves watches and wanted to wear one like Daddy . 
It is so so cute . 
He will still be able to wear it when he is much older . 
There isn't a second-hand ; instead , two lizards go around the dial . 
It is just precious and very sturdy too . 
You can't beat timex for quality and value . 
He loves it ! 
It's well made perfect for kids and I believe all children should have a analog watch to learn to tell time . 
My son loves this watch . 
The band is soft and easily adjustable and the light up feature is really cool ! 
He loves the lizards that double for second hands . 
I am a Levis fan for my whole life . 
50 years . 
these were exactly the style and quality that I expected and will be ordering a whole bunch of other colors . 
And the price is right . 
This pants like me . 
The fabric is very good quality , sturdy , with a cut that fits your body . 
The product is accurately described by the seller . 
Very good price-quality ratio . 
I love it and I recommend it 
Just like my first pair and fits even better . 
I luv these jeans . 
They fit just right . 
Not too tight , not too slim . 
They are my new Saturday night hang out pants . 
I have been a fan of the 501 style since they were in vogue during the 80 ' s . 
I say that good taste never goes out of style . 
For guys this is the equivalent . 
Of " the little black dress " . 
I saw used 501 ' s on ebay sell for more than I paid for these . 
All my life I ve been a levis user . 
They fit as they are meant to do and the quality is very good also . 
Never had any problems 
Typical of Levi Jeans , these are a bit stiff but after you break them in they will become a favorite piece of your wardrobe . 
Fair price . 
Very fit , wear cool , I like it 
Bought them for my husband and ge's very satisfied with the fit . 
That's good enough for me ! 
If he likes them that's what counts . 
The brown has hues of green . 
Will match with blues and greens on top of browns . 
These were perfect for my son . 
Fit is perfect . 
In fact I order the men's sizes as its easier to get the exact fit .. Love em Love em Loveeee em . 
A must in Black Ladies ... 
Not much to say . 
I've been using this kind of jeans since i was a teenager and i am never going to change them . 
I dont know much about mens jeans .. so I cant rate this .. but my son seems to love them ... 
I will have to pay more attention to the " type " of 501 I buy in the future . 
This was my fault , not the pants ! 
They fit him perfect . 
He is one that is difficult to buy pants for so I thank you for having something . 
These are PERFECT for him 
What else , they're 501 ' s right ? 
Of course they rock . 
I buy Levi's for a reason . 
When you can wear a pair of jeans for 10 years and they are still quality enough to donate to a charity , that says a lot for the brand . 
This Levi's Poor pants is Poor quality , fabric is very thick , hard , I buy for my son , he didn't feel like it . 
I expect the same as what I bought 30 years back , and it is real close , other than a bit more costly than during my college years . 
I have tried other brands ( Wrangler , LLBean ) , and have not been happy . 
Very disappointing . 
I really like the pants , was expecting them to shrink to fit but that wasn't the case.so they are a little long on me but that's ok , so when I sit they cover my shoes . 
Most everything I buy from Amazon is very good . 
The jeans fit very well . 
They are a good buy . 
I bought the Levi's Men's 501 Original Fit Jean , Dark Stonewash , 38x29 . 
However as someone who used to own multiple pairs of 501 ' s years ago I was sorely disappointed . 
The cut is not what it used to be . 
These pants should have fit my butt perfectly , but it seems the cut is now a bit saggy in the butt and crotch . 
The material is a lot lighter and cheaper than what I remember too . 
Original fit ? ? ? 
Shrink to fit ? ? ? 
Nope nada no way ! 
I have already washed them and there was no shrink to fit . 
My pair of jeans were made in Malaysia . I recommend going to a brick and mortar store and trying out various brands and sizes as Levi's which I used to be able to buy just by size is no longer what it used to be . I give these Jeans only 2 stars : Minus 1 star for bad material , minus 1 star for bad fit , minus 1 star for not being American made any more . 
For some reason these jeans ran smaller than my other 501 ' s . 
I could barely button these jeans . I wasn't a fan of the wash either , it's a lighter blue than I expected . 
It was the blue color of the jeans you see the cowboys wear . 
I ended up returning them . 
My only complaint is that I think they are over priced . 
I get smiled at , winked at , flowers thrown at , phone numbers handed to me , cookies baked for me ... etc . 
The fabric is soft , but thick and strong , should last a long time . 
i like this jean :) ) 
Got these for my husband . 
He really likes that they do not have that destressed look but they look stylish . 
These jeans fit perfect . 
They don't come with a zipper but a button . 
which were very good , excellent size and quality , it is hard for me to buy pants for my size , I measure 6.1 . but this marks the size is correct . 
I have been the same size 501 ' s for my husband for years . 
so I know his size these were either missed marked or 2nd ' s or something . 
never again will I get them here . 
trust the reviews on this one don't bother to waste your time getting them here . 
Perfects 
I'm not going to educate anyone about the genuine and authentic timeless classic that is the Levi 501 Jean.Nor do I want to listen to the whining about them not being the same quality as they were 20 years ago . 
Can't be beat . 
Returned and waiting for a refund . 
Do not purchase this particular Skagen model from Jomashop.Updates * : So I returned the watch and ordered another one , this time , from Watchstar . 
And guess what ? 
It doesn't have the word " Titanium " on its dial either . 
I suspect that Amazon just sent me back what I had returned . 
I guess I'll just take the 30 % off they offered for this faulty product . 
If one had a large calf , the " one size " might too snug , however . 
I would recommend this product . 
Exactly as expected 
Comfortable too , right height and stretch material good too . 
I love wearing dress shoes , but hate the foot funk that comes with wearing them barefoot , and the ugly that comes with wearing them with trouser socks . 
These are the perfect alternative . 
My legs are pretty wide at 200 pounds ; but these knee highs are supposed to fit someone much bigger and heavy than I . 
I had to return them and have given up trying to find a pair of stockings / knee highs that I can wear without being tortured . 
I am very short ( 5 ' ) so it's impossible to find regular stockings that won't choke my waist , and the same goes for the knee highs . 
If you read this and have any ideas , please contact me ? 
Thanks ! 
I am a 34F and it gave me great lift and shape . 
I will just need to tone up me back more . 
I read the reviews and I saw the dimensions , but I wasn't prepared for just how big this thing was going to be . 
WOW . 
It works perfect for my needs . 
I have always found it frustrating digging through bags trying to find the bottle I need . 
The smaller pockets at the top fit things like band-aids , chap stick , and nail clippers while the middle sized ones are the perfect size for travel sized sample bottles . 
The bag then folds in half to lay flat fitting perfect in a carry on . 
It folds in half so it fits nice and flat in your suitcase . 
Small items fit in the upper 4 pockets . 
Slightly larger items in the next three . 
We put our toothbrushes and toothpaste in the next compartment ; and the larger items in the bottom two pockets ( his and hers ) . 
My husband has a wide foot so I ordered him a wide in this shoe but the regulars must run a little wide because the wide was a little too wide . 
Will definitely be buying another pair when these wear out . 
I purchased these shoes for my husband who was opposed to wearing them initially . 
Unfortunately , after wearing less than a week , they began to fall apart . 
I returned them and ordered a new pair which were a size larger than they should have been despite being marked a 9.5 . 
This time , we'll buy in person as Amazon cannot be trusted to deliver a quality product that is sized correctly . 
are heavy duty and look and feel substantial . 
Hiked and swam all over Maui with these on . 
A little clunky in the water , but better than kicking a rock . 
Got them for a friend and he loves them . 
My husband has purchased these same sandals probably about 4 or 5 times . 
Obviously he likes them ! 
Like a lot of sandals they do get stinky after a while and he probably buys a new pair every 2-3 seasons . 
Let me preface this by saying that I've had my pair of these Keens for ten years . 
Ten . 
Islands in Italy . 
Germany . 
Boating . 
Hiking . 
Biking . 
Painting . 
Kicking . 
You get the drift.They are still in my closet ready for another summer of abuse . 
If you buy any pair of sandals , you're wasting your money . 
I wish I could show you them , but they're shy . 
Buy and you'll rack up the experiences.Peace and good journeys . 
Everyone loves Keens , got these for my hubby for fathers day , unfortunately these seem to run a bit narrow so we had to return them . 
My husband is wearing them around the house for major projects ! 
Not the exact intent for a pair of sandals . 
He just built a fenced in chain link fence in the back yard wearing these ! 
Silly , I know but that is him : he grabs whatever pair of shoes and cares not what they are when he is working So they have dust and dirt on them but the soles are so heavy duty that he is wearing them for these tasks ! 
He is very hard on shoes ; apparently you can use these for remodeling projects they are so heavy duty ! 
Would buy him these again ! 
I've had dozens of these . 
They are great for hiking ( as the name implies ) , but I also wear them for X-C skiing , walking the dogs , and around the house . 
I came to the conclusion that Darn Tough makes better low cut athletic socks ( similar to the Smartwool Phd running / cycling socks ) , but that Smartwool still wins in the crew length / hiking sock category . 
A warm sock , but not so heavy that you cannot wear it indoors as well . 
I love wearing these in cold weather with boots because it keeps my feet warmer when outside , but not too heavy so that they are sweating when I head indoors . 
Good top quality mid weight wool hiking sock . 
I love the weight of these socks for winter wear as well as a hiking sock . 
Not itchy or hot . 
I like these shorts . 
My only complaint is that the pockets are super bulky . 
They made the pockets too big I think because they bunch up . 
Other that that , I like them . 
Already have the long pair and loved so much that ordered the shorts for summer . 
Wish they came in more colors . 
Quality material and as expected from Danskin . 
Very comfy and well made . 
I ordered a size medium and they fit perfectly . 
I am 5 ' 5 " and curvy ( 155 # ) . 
Would definitely order more of these / other Danskin products . 
Much better than the other Waterproof spray I bought.NO Odor ! , keeps garments dry . I use it on my Carthartt Jacket and it works perfectly.Gotta buy more . 
Keeps me and my gear dry . 
And doesn't discolored fabric like other products I have tried . 
This set of silk thermals is the base of most of my wardrobe . 
I have a skin disorder that causes sores and the silk is not irritating at all . 
I can even wear them under tights ( ain't easy :) 
It's very thin and it looks like it will disintegrate if I'm any rougher with it . 
The sleeves were too long and the neckline as sagging . 
A little thinner than ones purchased for $ 20 more - but seem well made for the price - have not worn as yet - but will change rating if it does not wear or last well . 
I bought this as a replacement for a previous item by the same manufacturer that I could not find any longer . 
This version is a lot thinner and I am not sure how long it will last . 
See the review for the top . 
If you get the top you must get the bottom . 
These are really soft . 
Sometimes I even for got I had them on ! 
Bought these for my boyfriend . 
He is a logger in Maine and he loves that they last for years even in harsh conditions . 
I was looking at watches with my friend and when she came across this one , I wanted it too . 
Little did I know she had bought it for me for Christmas ! ! ! 
:) You can't beat a Timex ! 
I had to adjust the band but that was nominal in price . 
Can't go wrong with a Timex . 
MY HUSBAND LOVES AND IS A BELIEVER IN TIMEX . 
TIMEX OUTLAST ANY OTHER WATCH THAT I HAVE PURCHASED FOR HIM . 
WE WOULD RECOMMEND THIS WATCH . 
The Indiglo and date features are nice added bonuses . 
The band is almost perfect . 
I would buy again if I needed too , but I really hope this will serve me well for years to come . 
The price is right and they really last quite a while . 
If you are looking for a great watch to wear that is casual and looks great with all casual clothes you will love this watch . 
Got this for my wife the nurse , couldn't be happier ... Priced right we've had them before , bet this lasts over 5 years .. 
This is my second watch like this . 
My collection would not be complete without this Timex Expedition with the Indiglo and the alarm . 
! 
I'm hard on a watch and the primary reason I still wear one , is that I love the alarm feature . 
I've had more sophisticated and much more expensive watches , but this one suits my simple needs . 
I can set the alarm using the outer ring or the setting stem . 
It's easier to gauge time in 5 minute or even 20 minute intervals , unlike how a digital watch works . 
Water resistant and very durable , I usually end up buying a new one in 2-3 years , even before the battery wears out . 
I don't go diving with this watch , but it gets wet a lot and I never worry about dropping it or losing it . 
No other watch works the same way - I like this one ! 
I found this watch for my husband probably 10 yrs . 
ago . 
He is really hard on his watches being a mechanic . 
I only have to purchase new when he either scratches up the face to much or loses it like he did this time . 
just as i expected ! 
This is a really cute watch and works very well . 
The indiglo is an added bonus ! 
My daughter loves it ! 
She loves it , and wears it all the time . 
Perfect for a 3-4 year old . 
One size does not fit most . 
They are really loose and fall off unless I wear garters . 
The double fronts last . 
They wear like iron and can feel like iron , they need softening . 
althoygh I would notr get anything else . 
Be careful that you know what size you wear for each different style before ordering . 
This particular style is the closest to the hub's actual size . 
They are PLENTY long . 
That being said . 
Carhartts are the only pants I buy my husband . 
They are as tough as they say . 
I'm a welder and have put these to the test . 
The only Carhartts still made in the USA ! I'm not in construction , I wear them as everyday pants . 
Husband has purchased these before ( not from Amazon ) , but says they fit fine . 
And , I really like how he looks in them ! 
The pants fit great , but they run a a couple inches long ... the 32 " length seem closer to 34 " ... maybe more ? 
? Not really an issue when I put on my boots ... These pants are certainly stiff ... i hope they get a tad softer after a few wearings . 
These pants are awesome . 
The only complaint is they are long ! 
Much much longer then a standard 32 . 
The quality is excellent but the size was wrong . 
He buy's these all the time at a local place and never has had a size problem . 
I have been wearing Carhartt for several years . 
I usually buy them at my local store but the Amazon price is $ 10 less and my local store would not match . 
The last 5 pairs of these pants I have purchased , including this pair have all been very bad on size consistency . 
I have worn the same size for years and up until recently there was little to no variation . 
But this last year or so has been pretty bad . 
For me that is the difference of pants dragging on the ground or practically falling off my waist ! 
I'm not sure what is going on in the quality control department , but I'm going to be trying the Duluth Fire hose pants now to see if they are more consistent . 
My co-worker swears by them . 
WON'T FRAY FROM 80 # HAY BALES RUBBING AGAINST HIM AS HE CARRIES THEM . 
THESE JEANS WEAR LIKE IRON AND LAST LONGER THAN 4-6 PAIRS OF HIS DENIM ONES . 
YOU'LL PAY MORE FOR THEM BUT STILL SAVE MONEY SINCE THEY LAST SO LONG . 
This watch give great timing , and the only reason it needs to be replaced every couple of years is that the thin strap breaks . 
This is a beautiful time piece from timex . 
I love it and would buy another . 
Bought this as a gift several months ago . 
Came earlier than expect with the right amount of packaging . 
So far so good . 
The little butterfly that moves around with the second hand it cute too . 
And the fact that it's waterproof lets me not worry if she wears in in the shower . 
My daughter loves the glow feature . 
And it even took a trip through our HE washing machine and SURVIVED ! 
lol . 
I have liquid silver cleaner also , but like that i can shine with the cloth even when i am wearing the jewelry . 
The price is reasonable , and there isn't an odd smell or mess when using the cloth . 
The straps don ' t come up as far upon the instep as the other styles of Keens . 
The shoes give good support and are very comfortable for long walks on surfaces that are not rocky and uneven . 
Size 8 seem to fit appropriately . 
Didn't have to size up . 
It's just me , but I seem to like the regular Venice better than the H2 . 
I think the H2 is hotter , live in Florida , and the fit is just a little off . I do really like this shoe . 
Can walk long with them . 
Normally I wear a size 8 but I decided to buy these in an 8.5 because the toe box looks short and it is short . 
I have long toes and they were pressed up against that toe bumper so these sandals would not work for me and I sent them back . 
To order up to a 9 would probably just make the whole sandal too roomy . 
This is too bad because the foot bed was very comfortable . 
If you have short toes this could be a great choice for you . 
I was hoping for more arch support for my high arches , but the footbed seemed fairly flat to me . 
However , if you have flat feet , this amount of arch support is probably fine ( I would call it minimal , but I suppose it is all a matter of perspective ) . 
They are perfect for hiking , festivals or even a casual day around town . 
I am glad Amazon allows returns on these shoes . 
I ordered my regular size and taking the advice of the keenfootwear site I also ordered a half size larger than I normally wear as their website advised that this style runs about half size small . 
The size 9 in these sandals fits me better than the 8.5 in this style sandal . 
I don't want the sandal to be super snug on my foot . 
It also has a little give to it so it does not feel hard under my foot . 
I am looking forward to wearing sandals that protect my toes and also cover them from view . 
Her foot was injured when her horse stepped on it ( she was wearing riding boots at the time , not sandals obviously ) and she told me these Keen sandals are the most comfortable shoes she has ever worn even with the residual pain and damage to her foot . 
I have flat feet and bunions so I figured I would give these a try . 
I like the fact that they can be worn in the water as I am often walking in creeks with my dogs and also have to walk over rocky ground down to the lake to swim . 
Amazon seems to understand that buying shoes online is hit or miss and there are going to be returns . 
I have both H2 and the leather . 
They are perfect walking shoes for me . 
Wear them for all day outings , or short runs here and there , perfect fit and sizing is in sync . 
Note - I usually wear a 9 and have to wear a 10 in these ! Once you know the sizing , though - they're awesome . 
Not a single blister or back ache . 
You don't slip on wet surfaces , your feet stay in them , your toes are protected . 
If you get them dirty you can hose or scrub them off and they look great - they can really take a beating.And they actually look cute on - I get tons of compliments whenever I wear them , which is often . 
They've become my go-to sandals now ( what flip flops ? ) . 
They're worth every penny . 
Remember to put suntan lotion you the tops of your feet as mine are now look like a checker board from the sun . 
I took them on to Thailand and even in the city they were great . 
You can't go wrong with these sandals . 
I first ordered my true size but it was just slightly too short and had to swap for a half size up . 
I even wear them with socks in the winter ! 
They have good arch support and look really cute with jeans . 
They are made to fit so as you wear them stretch . 
I wore them all day and my feet didn't hurt . 
It is made big so you can put layers undereath , though it was a bit TOO big for me really . 
The sleeves were too long . 
But overall , tough and will hold up to working conditions like not other ! 
This is my 3rd Carhartt coat and I like this one the most . 
The other coat is a 46 Tall and this extreme is a XL Regular . 
My advice is to go into a store that sells Carharrt coats and try it on first to make sure it's gonna fit right when you buy it here ... that's what I did and found out that I can fit into a Regular when I've worn a Tall for years . 
It's still roomier than my other Carharrt ( which is still good after 5 years , buy fraying so it looks raggedy ) but the other one is tight if I zip it all the way so I probably got used to a smaller sized jacket and this extreme fits just right now . 
I bought this for my boyfriend for Xmas who already has a Carhartt jacket , but he loved this one so much better . 
This is not the typical material I was used to with a carhartt jacket . 
I got this for my husband who is a flatbed truck driver . 
He was complaining about being cold and not having a coat because most are just too bulky for what he has to do . 
I thought that this would be a happy medium between a lightweight jacket and a heavy coat . 
Jacket was perfect - exactly what he wanted . 
Not too heavy , but not too lightweight . 
The price was right , too ! 
My husband's favorite winter jacket finally wore out . 
He was heartbroken . 
Naturally , I went to Amazon to find him a new one . 
Looked at many , many jackets and read reviews . 
Finding this Carhartt Jacket , reading the reviews , I ordered it . 
I told him about it and he just knew he wasn't going to like it , it wasn't going to fit - blah blah blah . 
Well , it arrived just in time for the severe below zero weather . 
and most things I buy for him are XXL . 
Went with XL on this jacket because it's a Tall and it fit him perfectly ! 
The jacket is so tough , i have ran it threw the washing machine a couple time and let it hang dry . 
i beat this jacket up . 
Most of the time i had to unzip it a little bit because i was so hot . 
Most jackets have poor hoods and it dose not fit . 
When you get the jacket it is going to be supper stiff but it will break in the more you wear it . 
The size is perfect i am 6 ' 2 295 and i am happy with the size i got . 
Most of the jackets i tried on at stores were all to short they felt like belly shirts and they just were not long enough , not this one . 
Im usually a xl or xxl . 
With this jacket Im a large , I think I could of maybe got a medium even . 
This is NOT a light spring or fall jacket . 
Its very tough and the arms are long enough . 
You do not need any kind of winter hat when wearing this jacket with the hood up . 
My only problem is the zipper is hard to zip for the first couple of inches but its very slowly getting better with time . 
Im not sure if all the zippers are like this or just mine . 
Coats being reviewed with Coveralls and the like . 
So , these ... Carhartt Men's Extremes Arctic Quilt Lined Zip-To-Waist Biberall , Black , ... are what I am talking about . 
My hubby is crom SOuthern California . 
We were transferred to Maryland . 
Now , some people say that it is not too cold in Maryland ... we tend to disagree . 
Any time it gets below freezing , we get cold . 
Says a lot to us . 
Now a piece of advice ... go find a local retailer , and try them on first ... 
The fit is very strange , and the numbers mean nothing . 
Just make sure thast you have room to bend over ... all the way over . 
It is too hard to do any kind of work when things start tying you up . 
Pros : WarmEasily fit over bootsSnaps and heavy duty zippers , no velcro that can wear out.Waterproof.Long enough to cover the top of your boots to prevent snow in the shoe.Overalls so they can't fall down . 
And the slide lock on them is awesome and unlike snaps has 0 chance of coming undone without your help.Bib so if you make any overhead reaching motions and your jacket slides up you still have the bib to protect you from the cold.Deep pockets large enough to accommodate gloves.Run a little large so you have room to wear a shirt , under shirt , and hoodie easily and still have room to zip them up.Cons : I can only think of one and that is that they don't have any kind of belt feature around your ankles . 
If you could fasten these up around boots it would 100 % prevent any chance of snow getting in your boots and they would be perfect . 
Either way it only cost a few bucks to have a tailor put a few belt loops on the ankle area but it would have been nice if they came like that.Overall : Best snow pants I have ever had and I don't doubt they will last a long long time . 
I bought these for cold Browns games on Lake Erie in December . 
I suggest buying them bigger than you think so you can fit more clothes underneath . 
It fits tight in the mid section . 
He likes it okay as far as quality and warmth . 
It's a good fit once he gets it on---just taking it off has been a problem . 
bought a size bigger after reading the reviews and I have to agree they do seem to run smaller than a pair I bought from the mall . 
but the quality is the same . 
I have bought 40X30 pants before that were perfect fits . 
These however are a bit tight at the waist and more than a bit tight ar the thighs . 
I am not sure what to do with these . 
And to think I bought two pairs . 
( I'm a 34 in most everything , a 34 in this seems to feel like a 32 or even 30 at times ) . 
I looked everywhere for this size and color for my husband as pants for his work uniform . 
The value can't be beat . 
I shopped around a lot for these pants and didn't find anything anywhere that compared . 
will continue to buy them here . 
I have worked in an automotive shop for the last 7 years and have been wearing these since day one . 
If you want a pair of " office casual " pants that will last you and are cheap these are it . 
Wash them a few times before wearing to lessen the " swish " sound they make as you walk and loosen them up a bit.Like the header says , standard . 
These pants are pants . 
You get 2 front pockets and 2 back packets that will fit keys , a wallet , a lighter . 
Hook snap at waist and zipper fly . 
I never iron them . 
They take a lot of abuse and last a long time . 
Had to send these back as my husband has grown a little bit more than he thought . 
These pants are a perfect fit . I traded them for 34x30 . 
So I would never buy any other brand . 
They will last for a very long time under a lot of workouts . 
Came on time , nicely packaged and perfect . 
we ordered those pants because finding the size 31x34 is not that easy and Dickies had it ; however , the fit was great - those fit my husband perfectly however , they looked and felt really like plastic and thus we had to return . 
Repeat customer and do not buy anything else for work . 
Worth every cent . 
Fit was nearly perfect . 
This is the 2nd time I have ordered these pants . 
Fit well ! 
And last a very long time . 
Worth the money ! ! 
! 
I work in Food Service business and have to wear black pants at work all day long . 
I bought these as they were cheap and from good clothes supplier . 
I've own several 874 ' s and they've all lasted me years . 
When I was younger I worked a bunch of construction jobs , and these were my go to pants . 
Now I build and manage servers and work in an office where it's business casual . 
They're extremely high quality , but they tend to take forever to become worn in . 
The waist band can really stiff , and take a couple months to loosen up . 
Bought these for my son for school . 
He liked the fit and styling of these pants , I didn't expect anything less from Dickies . 
for work play or dress . 
I really like this . 
good quality for the money 
The only problem that I had with these is that I needed them in black and accidentally ordered them in white . 
I won't order again , but I recommend this seller for inexpensive lingerie that does not need to be too durable . 
I'm 5 ' 7 , 122 lbs , and I can't wear these with most dresses because they don't come up high enough . 
I've worn these a few times and still don't have any runs in them ; however , they have tons of little snags . 
You can tell they are cheaper material . 
They don't have that smoothness to them . 
Good price , cheaply made they ripped when I tried to take them off . 
I love that I don't have to mess with these at all when I wear them . 
Don't have to struggle pulling them up and down if I need to use the ladies room . I get the larger size and I wear a size 6 . 
I was asked to get some fishnets . 
Im a lil above average ... 5 ' 8 , 190 pounds with NOT toned legs lol . 
They did . 
They tops do not roll down , or squeeze the fat up over them . 
I wore them with garters and a garter belt . 
The only thing I don't like is that they are the loose knit , not stretchy kind ... so I can see them losing shape if you don't tend to them by handwashing periodically . 
Creeps up my back and the hooks don't stay hooked that well . 
If you order it anyway , I would suggest going down a size . 
This is a " sleep leisure " bra , so I wasn't expecting a push-up , but it might be a little too comfortable and relaxed with the fit if you've got a large chest . 
I returned and ordered the next size up and it was actually still a bit snug , but workable . 
Unfortunately this was not my answer . I gave this bra 2 stars because of sizing and design flaws.Sizing : This bra runs exceptionally small in every dimension . 
I ordered a size larger than I ever wear on both band size and cup size and it was still too small . 
The C / DDD cup would fit someone with a full B or average C cup but never anyone in the D range . 
The 40 band width might fit a 36 person . 
The straps do not adjust and they were also too short ( I'm 5 ' 8 " tall and have a long torso so the straps might work on an average build ) . Design : The darts which are longer than they should be ending above where they should ( look closely at model in photo ) , and the seam they create would rub in sensitive places.The material is soft which is nice , but you need extra patience in order to try to get this many hooks fastened.The quest for this type bra that actually might fit continues ... 
If I seem angry , I am . 
Leisure ? ? ? 
No . 
I bought this to hang around the house when company comes over . 
Braless it is . 
This was not supportive so I might as well not be wearing any bra at all and be comfy.Leading Lady ... get with the program . 
THIS BRA DID NOT FIT MY BIG BOOBS . 
Isn't that the line you are in ? ? ? 
Big Boobs ? I ordered two ... and the Black bra is going to get the same review . 
I had a little surgery right under my right breast line and can't now where underwire bras so this product is excellent . 
No rubbing when incision is and is light weight and breathable . 
I ordered one and it was so of small then reordered in a larger size and then ordered 2 more total of 4 not costly and very comfortable . 
It feels like it's a 40 or 42 . 
It seems like it will roll up , either on the sides or back . 
I've had bras that do that and this one feels like it will do it , but it hasn't done it so far , so maybe it's just me . 
Be careful if you have rings on and you are putting this on . 
I nicked it a little and pulled out some of the thread with my ring . 
I just took a lighter and burnt the thread down . 
These don't provide much support to a large chest but enough for around the house and sleeping . 
I have bought them several times . 
This was so small that I could not wear it at all . 
I am returning it . 
Purchased for my mother who recently had shoulder surgery . 
I ordered several more after getting the first one . 
No itching , no sticking , no putting dents in the shoulders.It ' s a great product . 
Pretty bras , but their sizing is way off . 
I had to return all of them , which was a pity because they were cute ... just clearly not sized correctly . 
I hate a regular bra . 
I would recommend this bra to anyone that is tired of fighting the straps from a regular bra . 
It just isn't very supportive . 
It is very hard finding bras in the size I need , so I wish someone would make a bra exactly like this only more supportive . 
Got it for those " hang around the house in a sweatshirt " days . 
I look the array of colors it came in too . 
the bra is very comforted . 
but it doesn't have the support you need in a bra maybe if you are small . 
otherwise like the bra . 
thank you 
There are no strap adjustments , so for heavy breasts ( DD cup and up ) the back tends to pull up . 
Wonderful breathable fabric . 
Otherwise comfortable.Update : The hooks at the center , lowest one rubs the skin , not enough fabric backing . 
I especially like that the size comes in EFG size so cup size fit . 
Just a suggestion if you really plan to use as a sleep bra you may want to order a size up if don't like to wear bras to bed . 
So if purchasing a size 34 EFG then go for 36 EFG for sleeping comfort . 
I really like this bra but the hooks are difficult to line up since both material and hooks are black so difficult to see . 
First let me say that I absolutely LOVE this bra and recommend it . 
However , BUY IT TWO SIZES LARGER THAN YOU WEAR . 
I normally wear a 36KK per professional measurements . 
I don't care to spend $ 60 - $ 80 on a single bra though so I usually just buy a 38-40 DDD in a specific Bali minimizer and it's fine . 
I'm getting older and the wiring has begun to bother me so I've been trying out different wireless bras . 
I don't like a tight band so in the future I will buy a 42F / G / H . 
Really cute , fits great except a tinge too small under the bust , I usually wear 44 d or dd . 
Would definitely buy again 
My surgeon recommended that I wear sports bras 24/7 after surgery . 
I'm wearing them 2 at a time for better support , and have been comfortable enough to order two more to keep me going while the others are in the laundry . 
The fit is a bit on the large size , mostly because the bra is stretchy . 
However , that stretchiness came in really handy for keeping ice packs in place the first few days . 
Did everything I expected it to do . 
Wacoal is one of my go-to manufacturers of undergarments . 
I have worn their bras for many years . 
Spending more money for bras is one of the best places to indulge because this is something most women wear most of their lives . 
I have many models , but I bought this one specifically to wear under compression tops like spandex tanks , T-shirts etc . 
This bra really keeps you in place . 
It is all about support . 
I can depend on the fact that if I get my size and style , I will happy with the fit . 
I like the models that have side stays . 
This bra has an underwire that goes all the way around the bust , underneath and side . 
Wacoal is wonderful ! 
I have made purchases for the right bra for a long time . 
The first time I tried this on , I knew it was for me . 
I am the type to NEVER sleep in a bra because it's uncomfortable . 
This bra doesn't bother me at all and I can sleep in it with no problems . 
The fit is why I expected . 
It is a very well made bra . 
I love this bra ... It is hard to find a D or DD that looks sexy , gives good support and nipple coverage without the dreaded padding ! 
If your curvy and want the look of the sexy bra with all the support and no thick padding , this is one good T-Back Bra ! 
I really , really wanted to love this bra . 
But when I went to try it on it was far too small for me . 
I usually wear a 38DD and that is what I ordered . 
I have many other Wacoal bras and I always wear a 38DD no exceptions . 
But this fit like a 34DD . 
I sadly went out of town and missed the opportunity to return it so I'll hope that I lose a bit of weight and it will one day fit because it seems like a really good bra , just make sure you order up a size or two . 
How could they promise no panty lines when these panties show the worst panty lines I've ever had in any panties I've worn ? 
Not cool ! 
High quality product at a good price . 
These feel great next to my skin . 
I use them every time I go for a run . 
They dry fast when they get sweaty . 
These panties move with you and don't torture you the whole day . 
There is nothing more to say . 
Jockey are my all time favorite brief , wish they had them in more colors and love the softness and the fit of these briefs and love that they are no lined 
While I expect these would fit ( based on my experience with other Jockey undies ) , I did not try them on , as I don't like the looks of them . 
The panties are skimpy and the material is flimsy . 
If that is what you are expecting , they are probably fine , but not for me . 
I have worn this brand forever they are the perfect fit and are invisible under clothes . 
I have tried at least 3 different no line panties all of which have lines somewhere . 
What is that about . 
Lots of give so no binding when you twist or stretch , look sleek beneath pants , you have to check you remembered to put them on . 
Thanks , 
I have been trying to find a comfy pantie that wasn't too tight on the waist . 
Here it is ! 
I'm so glad I tried one of these . 
Thanks Jockey ! 
I dont know how this bra does it but it makes your nips point up .. yeah up like if they were trying to look at you 0 . o did not like it at all .. besides that it dies seem to be sturdy and well made .. the color is pretty but unless your nips are pointing to the floor this bra does not have a flattering effect . 
Very Disappointed ! ! ! 
I was almost coming out if the sides because the cups extend out extremely narrow . 
. 
. 
What a mistake I have made . 
Don't know where or what kind of a material 
The size was exact . 
The construction is what I expected from Bali . 
I have many Bali bras and have never been disappointed . 
This one is no exception . 
I'm happy enough with it and that I went back and bought another one just like it . 
A sheer underlining helps with shaping and smoothing . 
The straps are not too stretchy , thank you Bali . 
This one's perfect ! 
No lines or pointy boobs ! Pros : - Sizing seems accurate ( I wear 40D in Victorias Secret , same here ) - full coverage without lines or pointy boobs - kind of sexy but kind of modest at the same time - washes well - no color run - thinner , but the lace is thick enough to prevent any major nip issues ( still wouldn't wear with super thin tops though ) Cons - very light support for the larger sizes ( I'd widen the strap ! ) 
around the rib cage . 
I think it may be mistagged.it is beautiful though and if it were the right size I think if would feel good . 
! 
I really like the nylon panties with a cotton crotch . 
The cotton panties tend to cling to my slacks and get pulled up with them .. With nylon , my slacks slide right on . 
They are the perfect fit . 
These briefs are overall a bit large , the rise is to high for me ( I am 5 ' 5 " ) and the fabric is more light weight than I would like . 
They are as expected in terms of quality and material , but they run a bit large . 
I wish these came in more beautiful colors like this one . 
Vanity Fair is my favorite source for women's briefs , I am never disappointed . 
Just they way I like them . 
I have been wearing VF's for a long time . 
I find of what is out threr you can't beat the quality of their products , 
Fit just right in all areas . 
I wear a large or XL in Misses sizes . 
These are ugly panties , but they are real comfortable and seem to have washed well . 
Now , if they have cuter colors and patterns ... 
But that ended in the 70s . 
These are the closest things I have found to those since that time . 
I love the lack of elastic on the let openings . 
I would order them a size smaller than you usually would . 
. 
. 
If you like your bras on one of the inner hooks , measure your ribs where your bra sits and add 4 to the number - if you only add 2 you will be wearing it on the outermost set of hooks . I'm a 40H - I ordered a 42G and it fits very well - though I prefer to have at least 1 extra set of hooks that are looser than what I use just in case.Would I order it again ? 
Yes.Would I probably pick a 44G instead of a 42G having tried this bra ? 
Unless I lose some weight in the near future , yes . 
This bra actually creates separation while providing appropriate lift ( doesn't create cone breasts for me ) . 
As for support , I'd rate it as an 8 on a 10 - point scale which is fine because , for me , a bra that rates a 10 out of 10 for larger busted women has to be so tight and constrictive that it just isn't comfortable . 
One reason that this bra does provide very good support is that it is high cut enough to keep the breasts in place while moving around . 
I don't usually care much for bras that I bought on line , but this is certainly the exception . 
I would recommend this bra and will buy it again . 
A style bra by Playtex I have worn for several years is not made in the band size I need now so I'm searching for another . 
I've ordered several styles by several companies including Playtex and the cups are always too big , sometimes by a lot , sometimes by a little . 
If I ordered the cup size I get when I measure myself by the way to measure for a bra , I would be ordering an even larger cup.This bra was okay other than being too large in the cup . 
I would recommend it . 
I ordered the wrong size in the product and didn't bother returning . 
will reorder in my correct size in the future 
I was not expecting to buy a bra online that would actually fit and be comfortable . 
I think that this bra was an excellent price on AMazon . 
It fits perfect and I have washed it several times since I purchased it because I like to wear it alot . 
Almost perfect except that the shoulders feel the pain and indentation from this bra . 
The support is excellent and like the make , but your shoulders pay the price . 
I like the fit that this gives plus the fact that it is wire free . 
Wire free AND double support AND no seams . 
These features make it hard to find a nice bra any more 
I wasn't happy that some of these are prime and some aren't but they did arrive on time and are what I ordered . 
I've been wearing this bra for years , and cannot find it in any stores . 
It fits perfect . 
I ordered one then bought two more and will buy more . 
The fit is excellent . 
I really like this bra . 
For it being a double support bra it didn't feel like it was supporting enough . 
The girls still sagged even when I had the straps set to the highest setting to lift them . 
The bra is well made and probably would last a long time , but the sizing on it seems off from other Bali bras . 
I have been wearing Bali bras for quite a few years and love them , but they have discontinued the one that I have been wearing and I have been looking for something similar , thought this might be it , but it's not . 
This bra would probably work better for a larger breasted woman , has wider straps both for shoulder and the back and the cups seems cut for larger breasts . 
Had to send this one back , will keep looking . 
Great support ! 
I adjust them in the morning as I put it on and they stay up for most of the day . 
They tend to stretch as the day goes on , but that is to be expected . 
I will be ordering more as my other bras die . 
Size 38D . 
I guess that is because I am generously endowed . 
Recommend for average cups . 
I loved the lace top but they ripped so easily I did not get to wear them more than once . 
I have heavy thighs and these fit perfectly . 
I had no trouble keeping the tops up without them trying to roll down 
I almost didn't buy this pair because of the reviewers that claim to have received blisters from these particular thigh-highs : If you're allergic to silicone , don't wear these ! 
The fit for A / B is JUST RIGHT ( bottom of lace hits just above the mid line of my thigh ) - if you're much taller than me or have large thighs , I would get the next size up . 2 . 
I think that says something . 4 . 
As far as durability , they seem to be too fragile for everyday wear ( Just get a pair of average pantyhose for that ) , but they are great for bedroom wear and special date nights . 5 . 
NO sausage effect ! 
Woohoo ! 6 . 
These will eventually fall down if you're doing gymnastics ( I did a cartwheel test , and they slipped slightly with each move ) but they have an exceptional grip that will stand up to walking around and minor rough-housing . 7 . 
I would order these again and recommend them in a heartbeat . 
(: 
They come right up to the top of your butt cheek which is so much sexier than when they stop mid thigh and cut into your curves . 
The silicone does eventually break apart and peel off but only after you've nearly worn them out anyway . 
Besides Wolford's which are like 75 bucks each these are the best for your money . 
I bought several pairs . 
I think they last a few times with hand washing . 
Good price of the product ! 
my non control top pantyhose with sheer toe nylons are very sheer and pretty pantyhose , im an older woman who wears pantyhose and nylons everyday , non control top pantyhose are the same as sheer to waist pantyhose , so if i want a sheer pantyhose look on my legs my non control top pantyhose are wonderful . 
i wear these pantyhose in the sheer toes as well . 
i usually wear no nonsense pantyhose and nylons but i like hanes pantyhose also , i own several pairs of these pantyhose , they seem to last as long as my other pantyhose . 
I ordered Barely There hoping it would blend with my skin tone . 
It was way too brown . 
Not really sure what color to try next . 
They also got a run the first time I put them on . 
Perhaps I was not careful enough . 
I'm so careful when putting these on as I put a run in one pair the first time I put them on . 
I noticed that on a second wearing , these hose really soften up , and feel really wonderful on my legs . 
I can easily wear them all day with no problems . 
No sagging whatsoever , even after wearing for 8 + hours . 
ive been wearing hanes pantyhose only recently , i prefer no nonsense pantyhose for my daily wear . 
I wear hosiery most days of the week and I am a bit hard on them , but they typically hold up pretty well . 
With handwashing and drip drying , a single pair can last 3-4 weeks . 
I had never tried support socks before and bought these to keep the blood flowing while traveling . 
My legs do not get tired even after hours on my feet and they made my twitchy , achy legs on long airplane flights not be a problem . 
They are very well built and I feel like I have a sock that will last for years . 
They are great for walking around the house with no shoes . 
Their elastic around the calf is well made and I have yet to have a pair start to get loose on me . 
They are roomy and don't itche , nor have they shrunk when washed in cold water in the machine 
My husband was going through socks in a day or two . 
I purchased quite a few socks to try out for hiking . 
Get a few pairs ! Also , I like how these are made in USA . 
I cant say I where these every day . 
I save them for long hikes or days out in the woods where I may need some great socks . 
Tried 2 other brands of hiking socks after purchasing these to save money and regretted it . 
Pay the price and enjoy these socks . 
I have around ten pairs . 
Most are medium and they fit my 9.5 OK , but these large do fit better . 
I'm not the guy who spends this much on 1 pair of sox but these are some pretty sturdy , comfy , well fitting toe wraps right here - little tight at the top to start but after a few miles it felt like I had put a new pair of sole replacements in my bootsWent on YouTube to get their input and these puppies rated very high and well deserved.Tough while making every step comfortable - warm without weight and bulk - " no sweat " technology is really what it says it is - ( no more stinky feet by the campfire attracting bugs ) - glad I did the research and glad I pushed the button on this purchase - high quality , heavy duty , stylish , comfortable , warm , good selection , good vendorMy dogs are not barkin after puttin on these puppies 5 stars and 2 thumbs up 
Wow ! 
I really like the way these socks feel . 
They feel like they will last for a long time . 
Medium thickness . 
Stretchy . 
No bunching . 
No complaints , but pricey . 
Not a heavy or a thick sock . 
Buy XL if your foot is 11 + . 
I've been trying to find a pair of trail running socks , but most everything I've seen or tested is at both ends of the spectrum - either too thick and tall , or too thin and short . 
Although they are called Hiking / Outdoor Socks , I would not consider them trail running . 
Still , I can't fault them for hiking because they are quality made and feel good in hiking shoes / boots . 
You know what you are getting with Levis . 
Look feel and fit are all as expected . 
These are for my husband . 
He gets the same ones very time without trying them on . 
Why do I have to try every pair on in my size to find the one that fits ? ! 
Some are big , some shorter or longer ... 
I don't like the very thin material on these 505 jeans . 
I don't think they will be very durable because of it , and I don't recommend for that reason . 
Also , the pair I got fits tighter than the Levi's 559 jeans I bought at the same time , and tighter than other 32x32s I now wear . 
Color is good , and the cut is what I like , but would not buy again . 
The fit is good and the way these drape down the legs is identical to the ubiqutous blue jean cousin . 
I plan to wear these to the office on ' casual days ' instead of the blue jean uniform of others . 
so I bought 2 pairs of 505 ' s to try . 
they fit very tight , but I can move and squat in them . 
if these were 501 ' s and they fit that tight , forget it , their would be major pain in the groin area ! hahahaguess I'll just wear the 33x32 ' s until I can burn off a little more tummy to fit into these 32 ' s . 505 ' s are a great pair of Levis ! 
Just perfect . 
They fit amazing and i don't even need ti wear a belt . 
Excellent . 
I could go to any store , and pick up a pair with the 505 label , waist 33 , and length 32 , and have them fit just like every other pair I own . 
However , Levi has decided to re-shape these , but to retain the same 505 label . 
They are now designed for the teenage boy , twenty-something market . 
They sit uncomfortably low , on the hips rather than at the waist . 
They are tighter in the crotch . 
I suppose boys want to show off their " package . " I've spent the past year or so trying to find something to replace to old 505 ' s , but with only limited success . 
These are no longer your father's jeans . 
Too bad for me that I'm still your father . 
I like the new variety of colors , very good color.Good jeans at a reasonable price overall.Expected better finish from levis . 
Despite they were a little long , this is the kind of jean for every day labor . 
i have only ever used levis since about 2000 ' since i realized that their are no other jeans out their that can hold up and last as long as these can short of getting carhartts . 
They fit pretty good and they are good jeans . 
But they are good and the price is good too . 
I bought them for my husband who is 40 and they look a little old for him - and we're not really young . 
Fine if you are looking for something basic but not stylish . 
But I would have given out a 5th star if I found that the quality of the jeans were they way I remember them from the 70 ' s and 80 ' s ! ! 
Those felt like , you know , the way cars were built back in the 50 ' s and 60 ' s firm / strong / built to last ? ? ? 
But this is the world today ! 
Thanks 
Yes , I don't like that they stopped making regular fit which I used for years . 
I just wish the 505s have a lower waist line . 
I like dark colored jeans , and " Midnight Oil " sounded and looked dark in the description , so I ordered them . 
Also , the price was $ 30 , on sale , so it seemed reasonable to try them . 
I suppose the thinner weight might be useful in the heat of summer , but it was not what I was expecting.Update : 4/11 / 2014Having washed these jeans once now , I can confirm my initial impressions . 
This fact should be noted in the product description . 
Inseam is 78-80 CM ( 30.5- 31.5 INCHES ) and the waist is 84CM ( 33INCHES ) So I choose 33 * 32.33 inches fits me well and 32inches feel a little longer , ( 1inch longer ) , but it doesn't matter since it can be rolled up a little and still looks wonderful . I will reduce weight and try to fit 32 * 32 or 31 * 32 one year later . 
LOL . 
This represents a change from previously purchased Levis 505 . 
The material these are manufactured from is a lighter weight and the price is about 25 % higher . 
I was looking for decent Levi's for a few years and Amazon had them ! ! ! 
I wanted the stiff unwashed jeans because they last quite a few years . 
The pre-washed jeans are VERY comfortable and ready to wear , but I hope they have the same life as the unwashed ( stiff ) Levis . 
The size was the same as my original 505 ' s and fit me well . 
They were a bit expensive at $ 40 vs ( $ 10 - $ 15 ) for Wranglers , but they feel great and wear well . 
The Levi's in the store are sold with holes in them ! ! ! 
I'm 50 + years old and I don't need the holes thanks anyway ! ! 
! 
I agree with several of the posts that said these pants are cut large . 
Despite the fact they are labeled " regular " fit they seem more akin to a " relaxed " fit . 
They are very roomy in the waist and thighs . 
In addition they are very long ( and I am tall , often troubled with pants that are too short ) . 
They didn't . 
I recommend this pant and seller . 
It is fitted so i want . 
These jeans are awesome . 
I see that there are a lot of negative reviews about how Levi's changed the fit of these jeans ( however long ago ... ) , but I wasn't wearing them back then so I cannot speak to that issue . 
But from what I can tell there shouldn't be any complaints about fit ! 
They are also high quality . 
What else could you want ? 
Them to come with money in the pockets ? 
Well me too but that goes for everything I buy . 
Casual looking jeans . 
These have a slightly looser fit than some other Levis jeans . 
I purchased this as a gift for a hard to fit man . 
It fit perfect . 
He wears them a lots so he likes them . 
I would recommend them to my friends . 
I've been wearing Levi 501s for over 25 years . 
By mistake I ordered these 505s instead of 501s . 
It took a little getting used to having a zipper instead of button fly . 
Over time the buttons have tended to wear the buttonholes on my 501s making them a little loose.These 505s fit just as well as my 501s have fit over many years . 
I'll almost certainly continue to buy Levis for the next 25 years . 
The only question will be : 501 or 505 ? 
phew ... better than going from store to store trying on . 
We bought the size we wanted and it is just as expected . 
Color was what was shown also . 
we bought 33 x 30 . 
Levi's Men's 505 Regular Fit Jean , Fume : I've ordered several colors in this pant - the Fume color is quite rough and does not wear comfortably . 
I like the fit . 
This Levi 505 was narrow in the legs so we sent them back . 
We ordered the 550 Levi brand and hopefully they will fit better with a relaxed fit and more comfort . 
I didn't realize these were stretch denim until I had them . 
My husband ( who is on the slender side and very picky ) LOVES these jeans ! 
I've always wanted to buy several Levi's and be brand loyal but over the years the sizing across several styles and denim is simply all over the place . 
Had hopes with this style but again , disappointed . 
Certainly not a brand for those looking to avoid way too skinny or way too baggy jeans . 
Simple straight legged pants that fit as sized on the labeling are extremely hard to come by these days . 
Levi's sizing is so erratic you basically need to try on a dozen pairs across a dozen styles to get remotely close to what might adequately fit . 
Shouldn't be this hard to buy Levi's . 
For years I have worn Levi jeans . 
I would never be without them in my collection of clothes . 
They are most dependable . 
All Levis fit well , problem is going to the store and digging through piles and piles of them to find they are all out of my size . 
Amazon solves that problem , send my size to the door please , thank you . 
These are Levis ! 
Never disappointed in Levi's jeans . 
all the swanky brands at Nordstroms . I liked these jeans better than the higher end brands.The fit is perfect , they look like they will last a long time and they are not that pricey to boot . 
After like Levi's Men's 505 Regular Fit Jean inexpensive and practical way to wear beautiful workmanship is very good looks thinner 
I bought it for my son for school uniform , it really is very good product , very good quality , excellent buy 
I've always been a fan of Levi's jeans , for me they always fit great and wear well.These jeans are made in Mexico , which is better than the last pairs I bought several years back that were made in Bangladesh.This fabric is a lot thicker as well , so they are fairly stiff at first but should loosen up after a little wear.Plenty of room as well so no pinching of sensitive areas ! 
my hubby is very sexy in this jean . 
These Levi's are very durable . 
The material is classic denim and the fit is straight leg with a medium fit waist . 
The price was great too , you get what you pay for really . 
Well worth it ! 
I have worn Levi's 505s since high school until now and probably will into retirement . 
The quality is better than jeans costing more and superior and heavier than those costing less . 
You can frequently find them discounted . 
I cannot recall ever wearing a pair out . 
I have retired or given them away when I gained or lost weight . 
I have tried other Levi's but 505s fit me best . 
The others are way too tight or way too big . 
It's the best have never found another that comes close . 
I hope this bra is never discontinued . 
... and am glad I did go in to get properly fitted . 
But finding this identical bra here on Amazon at less than half the price was a bonus . 
But when I tried on the 44ddd of this Wacoal it did not feel secure , so maybe the short length has something to do with the stretch of the material . 
It didn't seem a lot stretchier than my Champion though . 
I just recently received my waist cincher ( medium ) it's the first corset-like product that I will be using after gaining some weight and being limited as to what I can do as far as Exercise goes which is almost non-existent . 
I hear the customer service is Excellent which is very important and most people say these undergarments are Better than Spanx ! 
Also some people said not to go by the chart well I looked at it and was between numbers so I went with the higher NO . 
I don't know if I should have done that or not so I have a Black Medium . 
From what I can tell it holds you in well and I really like it a lot , I now know where to go for these type of products and Highly Recommend ! 
This waist cincher is perfect to accentuate an hourglass shape . 
I regularly wear steel-boned corsets , and find this to be a great summer alternative . 
For comfort , I suggest wearing a corset liner underneath if you wear for an extended period of time . 
Next time I order , I will size down as it is not snug enough for my taste . 
Remember to buy cincher by waist measurement . 
I would recommend this cincher to any lady who wants to nip her waist down a couple of inches . 
Or , if you want to cut back on your food portions . 
:) Seriously though , it's a tight fit and may take some wear to shape to your body . 
I bought this several years ago and am now ordering a second one . 
It really works well . 
Well worth the $ 30 I spent . 
I call it my winter weight lol . 
A very pretty bra . 
The bra was the right size according to the help I rec'd from sizing chart . 
As perviously mentioned in a comment , I did not find the seams to show through t-shirts . 
It has a good fit I think because of the three sections to the cup . 
Overall I think this is a great black bra and fits very well . 
Quality is good . 
Wish it came in pretty colors 
Decent inner lining . 
Nice amount of space and doesn't take up too much or weight you down unnecessarily . 
I bought this Dopp kit for a girl friend who wanted a traveling toiletry bag . 
If you are thinking about maybe purchasing this , do not hesitate ! 
It is so cute for a man or woman and looks like a far more expensive bag then it is . 
Cheaply made , not much weight to it at all . 
Maybe I am used to my other bras with more fabric to them 
I do like Maidenform , but I have noticed that their bras tend to run smaller . 
This did not provide as much coverage as I would have liked . 
No lines . 
I am a 32 D which is very hard to find . 
No funny bumps or bulges under shirts , no itchy fabric , no fluff and puff pads , just very natural and beautiful . 
The price is unbelievably low for the high quality . 
I love this bra and ordered a few of them because finding a bra that fits is like heaven . 
I had purchased this size / style in a store so I knew it would fit . 
In general , I think the cup might run a little small . 
The thing I like is that the padding is thick enough that no one can tell when you're " cold " when wearing a think t-shirt , yet I don't feel overstuffed . 
This is a perfect year round bra to wear under all your wardrobe tops / dresses . 
If you have to wear a bra at least wear this one and be confident and comfortable in all your clothes . 
And when I change the length part , it doesn't move from that spot while I'm wearing it.There ' s nothing particularly fancy about this bra , but when I wear this bra , I forget that I'm wearing it - it's that comfortable . 
Plus , I'm a 34a , so I appreciate the lift and padding help ! 
I've been wearing the t-shirt bra by maiden form for years . 
It provides just the right amount of support without the heavy padding that many push up bras have . 
If you are looking for a quality bra that is lightly padded and virtually invisible in clothing , this is the one to get . 
They are great quality , and I've found they hold up twice as long or more than a Victoria secret bra . 
The bra is pretty but does not provide any type of lift . 
I am 5 ' 1 " , 140 and this bra added nothing to support - but it is pretty ! 
If you do not need and / or want extra padding , I recommend this bra . 
Like the fact that it is not too visible under tops , pleased with this purchase . 
I've tried so many different brands and accidently found this one . 
It fits perfectly , light-weight and you don't really know you're wearing it . 
Looks really good . 
I have several colours of this bra . 
We've looked everywhere for pants that fit my husband and these are wonderful . 
Wish they had more colors in his size . 
I hate skinny jeans ! 
I wear boot-cut jeans exclusively ; probably because I usually wear boots ! 
love the cut and fit of Levis bootcut ... skinny and tight above the knee , but masculine and flared out at the bottom to accommodate boots . 
Don't get me wrong , I will wear regular sneakers and flipflops too , all look good with these jeans . 
These jeans fit well and the fabric is a little thicker than my other Levi's . 
Fit perfect until I started body building . 
They sit high on your waste and the 527 ' s sit lower . 
Got both , these will probably last longer Price is about the same as in stores if you can find them . 
This has to be a knock off . 
I've worn K Swiss shoes for as long AS I can remember . 
This is my first attempt at buying them online . 
I'll never do it again . 
Like walking on 2x4 ' s . 
They are super heavy and bulky . 
Save your money and buy them at the store to make sure it's a real K Swiss shoe because this shoe is terrible ! ! ! 
! 
Really like the fit and it is easy to wear for work or shopping I always haveike K Swiss thanks 
I'v had 5 pairs of these shoes . 
I work at a hospital the floors are hard and this puts some padding between the bottom of my foot and the hard floors . 
Normally mediums leave me a lot of room . 
Very comfotable , and at a medium-to-thick weight . 
During Summer it might be too heavy , but elsewise it's great . 
Item came in as expected , nothing was damaged . 
Shirt fits good , no fading or wear , brand new . 
My only issue which doesn't stop me from rating it a 5 out of 5 is that I would've liked the sleeve to hug the shoulder better . 
Girdles are meant to be tight not loose . 
The way it closes in the middle forces everything to be smooshed towards the middle . 
This is not delicate on your skin so I wouldn't recommend it post tummy tuck . 
I bought this cincher to wear under a dress in an upcoming wedding I'm attending . 
I estimated the size I needed , and ordered a Large . 
I was nervous at first , because it didn't seem like it would fit , but once I got it on , it fit great ! 
No struggle to get on either . 
I pulled my dress on over it and Voila ! 
The hour-glass shape I was looking for ! ! 
It flattened my belly and pulled in my sides over my hips ! ! 
There is a slight amount of rolling on the top , but its really not bad . 
! 
I am really happy with the fit of this cincher . 
the materiel is light weight and feels nice . 
It is not overly tight and sits well on my body . 
I ordered a Medium and I am 5 ' 3 " and weigh 124lbs with a bit of a mommy tummy . 
this product is well made . 
It really works as far as holding in your waist and improving your posture . 
a t-shirt or a tank ) I won't be able to wear this under any fitted dresses ... oh well , I will continue to wear it for at least 8 hrs a day , 5 days a week and see if I get the results that others have stated they got . 
Very disappointed . 
After reading all the reviews posted here , and considering the sizing guidelines , I ordered an XL of this waist cincher . 
I have no difficulty at all putting this on - it hooked up quickly with no real pulling or struggle required . 
In hindsight , I should have ordered a L , instead . 
At some point , after I lose a few more pounds , I will probably dig deep and order the smaller size . 
The cincher does pull in my waist about a half inch , and it help make me more conscious of my waistline ( which helps remind me not to snack ! ! ) . 
As other reviewers have indicated , the bottom of the cincher irritates my skin , even when worn over tights or hose . 
I wish this came in different sizes , because as a petite lady they are way too long and a bit baggy . 
Instead they go to the very top of my thighs and then there is still some slack . 
She said they fit well . 
No issues . 
Would buy again . 
I have bought Leg Avenue tights and knee high stockings before in the past , but never thigh highs . 
After a full night of wearing them , I had no problems with them sliding down or having to pull them up.They ARE thin , so be careful to not snag them on anything or pull on them real tight ( causing runs ) . 
To be honest , though .. that applies to almost all tights / stocking . 
Take care of them and be easy , they'll last longer.There is no " foot " in them , so you don't have to worry about the size not fitting you right . 
I am 5 ' 7 " , wearing a size 8 in shoes , and they went all the way up on my thighs . 
I could have pulled them up higher , but if I was going to do that then I would have been better off buying tights.They look great , feel soft , and fit like a glove . 
I plan on ordering the other colors to match a few bustier sets I had bought . 
They don't look to bad paired with the right skirt , either . 
You WILL need a garter belt , obviously , to wear them . 
Ladies , I can only hope that you will like to wear this as much as your man will enjoy seeing you in it . 
I mean how excited can you get about underwear , but if I were to get excited it would be about these . 
I only buy Hanky Pankys . 
These Skagen watches are well priced for what you get.the movement is a standard cheap Japanese Quartz.The stainless steel will flake away and will leavesome what dull metal exposed.Having said that , it is a good looking short term watchwhich will probably look for about 6 months with regular use . 
Sadly this watch looks cheap and is cheap in person . 
I returned it . 
Maybe it isn't a good idea to buy jewelry like this over the internet . 
The bra is wonderful . 
There was a lot of wrinkling and gapping at the top . I ordered Cleo Lucy 32G instead and the cups are perfect . 
This bra pokes you in the armpits . 
I usually buy Elomi , mostly because it's the easiest to find in my area , but I thought I'd go out on a limb because this bra gets good reviews . 
I would not buy this brand again . 
My only complaint , and the reason for 4 stars is that the straps can't be adjusted very much . 
Right now as it is I'm at maximum shortening of the straps , so as I wear it and it stretches I can see some adjustments in my future . 
The fabric was stiff and scratchy . 
The band was a little small and the cups were way too small and cut into my breasts making ugly bulges . 
I ordered two other bras at the same time ( same size but a different brand ) and those fit great . 
If you need good support , and are tired of the heavy , unfashionable bras generally available , try Panache . 
Through some engineering miracle , support meets fashion meets whisks of embroidery and I now have a full collection of Panache's assortment . 
I " gravitate " to full coverage ( 34G ) and they are all wonderful . 
I really like this bra for normal use under light-colored tops . 
Since it is a balconette , I do not wear it when I am babysitting because the leaning over and up does cause some jostling and minimal muffin top . 
However , great for most days and I feel pretty wearing it ! 
I have been professionally sized but this bra did not fit me it was too big . 
seemed like a good quality though 
The cups fit as expected . 
But for me the underwire digs in to my arm pits and I don't like that but what can I do . 
The band on this bra was perfect , but the seaming on the cups didn't fit quite right . 
It bunched up a little near the middle , but not enough that a smaller cup size would have fit . 
I think this is probably a great bra for some people , but just didn't fit me right . 
Therefore i need wide underwires so that i dont get stabbed in the armpit and have awful sideboob . 
This would work for someone with less body fat , or breasts with narrower roots than mine . 
I had to go with Elomi and Goddess brand as those are shaped better for plus size women . 
I got this product because I needed something that was comfortable , considering I would be wearing it all day . 
It was perfect . 
The price was better than I had seen at local stores . 
I BOUGHT THIS BRA FOR MY DAUGHTER WHO JUST HAD A BABY . 
HAVING TO NURSE A NEWBORN EVERY 2 HRS IS NO PROBLEM WITH THIS BRA BECAUSE ITS VERY VERY COMFORTABLE SHE SAYS AND THAT ITS SOFT AND WASHES EASY . 
SHE CAN'T WAIT TO WEAR THESE AS WELL , SHE ENDED UP THROWING THE OTHERS AWAY BECAUSE SHE WAS SOLD ON THESE . 
SHE DOES RECCONMEND THIS BRA TO OTHER NEW MOMS . 
ONCE AGAIN , THANK YOU , THANK YOU , THANK YOU FROM MY DAUGHTER AND ME . 
Fit very well . 
Just a bit pricey 
The band under the underwire tends to fold . 
The straps are not very adjustable . 
I'm looking for a sports bra that gives me really good separation of my breasts . 
I'm anti-uniboob ! 
I have some nice regular bras that do the job , but no sports bras . 
I wish someone would find one that doesn't cost a fortune and let me know . 
I'm usually a 34 C . I tried that and it was * way * too small in the cups , really smooshed me together . 
Now I have a 34 D . It's a better fit , and it mostly separates . 
I don't know if going up to a 34 DD would give me the fit I want or not . 
I have worn Reef's for many years . 
I have a very high arch and narrow foot so it can be a challenge to find a snug enough fit . 
These sandals envelope my foot and embed it far enough that it gives great support . 
The arch is superior to any Reef sandal I've tried . 
They are not too light and therefore are more durable . 
While I only wear these indoors as a house slipper , I am sure they would be comfortable walking over most road surfaces , including gravel . 
I don't suggest that this sandal is only for narrow feet . 
Through repeated wearings they have grown much looser on my foot , but that is what I have grown to expect considering most sandals are made for and average size feet . 
But if weather is non humid , go for it . 
I got this for my husband . 
We were going to be hiking and on the beaches of some pretty rocky areas . 
He didn't have any problems with rocks in his shoes like I did . 
I had Chaco's on . 
Not too many size 17 sandals out there - and cool , functional ones at that . 
All conventionall leather upper casual shoes . 
I've ordered size 12 and the size has been spot on , until now . 
I just didn't like the way these fit Soooooooo I'm returning them . 
My husband was the first to buy Keens and convinced my daughter and I to wear them as well . 
I have their hiking boots and some other shoes . 
Some of the reviews had already said that , but I went ahead and bought the size I always do . 
Ended up being just a bit too snug . 
Don't get me wrong ... I could fit my fit in , and I LOVE the shoe ... I just should have listened and bought an 11 and not a 10.5 . 
Needless to say , I ended up swapping it out FOR an 11 and LOVE THEM ! 
! 
Ordered size 11 . 
Be careful of size differences ! 
I bought these for my husband for Father's Day . 
I noticed he was in need of new sandals for the summer . 
He put them on and immediately commented on how nice they felt on his feet . 
He wears a size 9M and the size 9M fit him just right . 
He's been wearing them daily ever since . 
The only problem is that it says waterproof ? 
but where ? 
the nylon straps took a long time to dry which I thought was treated to resist water , but it didn't ... it is however a durable sandal on hikes and ATVing and on a boat , trekking through sand and mud , but the sandal attracts and retains mud , sand and water ... 
Eder 
I like these sandals very much . 
Though they are a little tight near the top of my foot , my feet do get sweaty , and a little pricey . 
I really like the durable sole and the webbing construction around the foot , keeps the sandal firmly on but breathable . 
My one complaint is that some of the back stitching has come away , but I guess that is to be expected if I wear these things so damn much . 
I plan on getting a new pair this spring . 
I bought this for my colleague , she really loves Kipling , and this wallet has enough room for all her stuff . 
it looks grate . 
the quality is good . 
and the price is right . 
just as expected . 
If you have a short rise or are a little butt challenged order a size smaller . 
You can see a little a line if wearing spandex . 
I would not order these again . 
Now that I have been been doing more comparison shopping , I can do better on price with brands that fit better , like Calvin Klein , etc . 
Anyway , I cannot begin to tell you how much I fell in love with them ! 
When I first took them out of the package , they looked very small , but they felt so amazingly soft and silky it was unreal . 
They are 90 % TACTEL Nylon and 10 % Lycra Spandex material and feel like butter ! 
I have never felt anything like it ! 
Trying them on they stretched on very easily and like clung to me like magic ! 
They fit like a glove ! 
The soft silky feeling of them against my skin was heavenly ! 
They do have a sort of wide , very soft 100 % cotton gusset , which is a very nice feature too , so not riding up your crotch . 
So I decided to put them to the test , I Put on my tightest leggings , which are yellow , they show everything . 
I then was modeling them in my full-length mirror . 
I was very pleased to notice there was absolutely no visible panty line showing through my leggings . 
So , yes Jockey kept their promise , No Panty Line . 
I would recommend these to anyone , who like comfortable panties , as these surely feel most wonderful . 
Now that I know how they fit and feel , I would have paid any price for them ! 
As they seem very delicate . 
You have to try them , but you might want to shop around , to find the best price on them , and / or you can ask me where I bought mine . 
I highlly recommend this product 
This bag has been my everyday bag of 2014 . 
It carries more than you would think and the straps are durable . 
It did come with a weird smell but it fades .. 
I have flat feet and consequently finding running shoes with adequate support with cushion is pretty hard . 
I bought a pair of Asics and added these insoles and VOILA fabulous . I had shoes that were like walking on clouds with the perfect amount of support for my feet . 
These also made the shoes last a LONG time when usually I burn through running shoes pretty fast because the support dies even though they still look great . 
They are worth every penny . 
I have to say that I have bought several kinds of visors on Amazon and these are my " GO-TO " visors . 
I'm on my 3rd one ... they are really comfy and useful in the hot California sun and wind ! 
(o: 
I like his visor . 
It wraps pretty far around your head which is why it doesn't hurt when you wear it . 
This BDU shirt doesn't exactly fit like a 5x , more like a 4x and it's a little thinner than I thought it would be . 
Seems like the shirt is good to wear just for looks but doesn't feel like it would hold up to any heavy usage . 
It's okay . 
The only thing missing from this is the so-called " epaulettes " usually present on the shoulders . 
Apart from that this fits better than any other BDU I've had on before . 
This is my second casio watch and I like my purchase . 
It is pretty much unisex , I had no qualms using it . 
It does not slide sideways either , I have had some that actually turned sideways unless I cinched them up to the point that breathing was a difficulty . 
I am considering ordering another on just because it has taken me 40 years to find one that really works , I am worried it will disappear and I will not be able to get another one . 
I was a little disappointed with this bra . 
I ordered the size I normally wear , but it is so tight , it's uncomfortable and flattens me out . 
If I were ordering it again , I would go up to a 36 . 
Not sure about the quality because I don't wear it . 
Thinking about investing in some extenders , since I paid a good price for the bra . 
It doesn't make you feel like your ribcage is getting squished yet gives a good amount of support . 
Mind you , it's not a push-up bra , but it's not supposed to be . 
NO , they are NOT on the wrong feet . 
Yep ! 
Both shoes were on the correct feet . 
Will we buy others ? 
i didnt think it will be too large and too longthe color not what shown in photowas more to green than brown 
I bought this shirt to wear while doing yard work . 
I hate yard work , but I like this shirt . 
I HAVE BEEN BUYING THESE SHIRTS FOR OVER 30 YEARS . 
IT IS WHAT I EXPECTED AND IAM VERY SATISFIED . 
I needed this for my job which requires black or white shirt and I needed long sleeves to cover my tattoos . 
I am not tall , and my arms aren't that long , but these sleeves were actually perfect for me . 
I can't say that about most XL button downs I have with long sleeves . 
I can actually wear a large but I like my work shirts a bit loose so I can move around better without untucking the thing . 
It is long so stays tucked in pretty good . 
For wearing untucked it's a bit long but okay enough . 
I will order more of these just to wear to go to dog park , or even go out swing dancing watching my friend's rockabilly bands . 
they are plain enough to be worn with anything , not too dressy , not too casual . 
i got the short sleeve shirts in med . 
they fit great but the long sleeves seem to be a little bigger around the body . 
i like the arm length tho some people complain on how short they are but you need to know these are not dress shirts they are WORK shirts so it makes sense to me that the sleeves are tad short . 
i will try washing it and see if it shrinks if not then i guess this will become a camping shirtalso remember not to get the brown color or else you will look like a UPS delivery guy lol ! 
! 
I don't really know whether its me or the cutting cos its just a little too big for me . 
Maybe i'll order a size smaller the next time round i guess ? 
I gave this shirt 5 stars because my husband loves the quality of the shirt , washes up great ... . 
. 
. 
Like all of Dickie's clothes this is of great quality and at an affordable price , It seems to me that Dickie's Work Shirt's do run a bit tight So I always buy a size bigger . 
I hope this was helpful ! 
My guy normally wears an XL , but this was huge on him . 
I would say order at least a size smaller than normal . 
I bought this shirt so I could have something cool to wear when I perform at live shows . 
The pocket flaps and collar don't get all rolled up and crappy looking after years of running them through the regular laundry cycle like a lot of cargo pant flaps do.They run large , I wear a XXL t-shirt and a regular XL in these . 
I wear this so often . 
the material is top quality and the workmenship of the garmet seems to be well made so really what more can you ask for in a work shirt . 
He liked it so much , I'm re-ordering more . 
Good buy ! 
Very versatile . 
Dress it up or down , No problem ! 
My husband is a chemist - gets really dirty . 
Dickies makes a really good quality product - very durable . 
Thanks ! 
My favorite shirts . 
Not too dressy , not too casual , hold up great , don't fade and resist pilling . 
Never had an issue with one . 
i read reviews here saying that buyers should get a size smaller so i did get a small size instead of my M size and i couldnt even get into these shirts . 
Got this and others for my Dad for his birthday . 
Wrinkles just hang out of the shirt . 
These are nice for wearing to work . 
Maybe that is because I am a guy . 
I have ordered several of these shirts for my husband , he wont hardly wear anything but dickie , . 
. 
. 
. 
. 
Really don't have much to add other than that these shirts are actually comfortable enough for casual wear as well . 
I will echo the sentiment that unless you like swimming in your clothes get the smallest size that will fit you comfortably . 
For me that's medium ( I'm 5 ' 11 and slightly overweight at 195 ) . Good luck . 
The price is a bit high , as you can get this at Walmart for much less , but I have found that Walmart sells " seconds " or defective material most of the time . 
For work , seconds or defective material is usually not a problem with me ; I just want to let people know , that cheaper in price usually means cheaper in quality.If you are not familiar with this type of fabric , wear an undershirt as you will have " wear spots " in places that you usually don't have with all cotton material . 
It's best to break your skin in slowly over time if you are like me and don't wear undershirts . 
The sore spots I'm talking about is your nipples . 
this is a nice shirt the only thing bad about this order was the time it took to get to my home ... just don't expect this right away , but it is worth the wait tho .. 
most department stores go up to a 2x 
My husband likes these but I very much don't . 
The edges at the open neck are only serged , not turned in . 
Bought these for my boyfriend who is an electrician . 
They have a stiff feel to them which doesn't really soften with multiple washes . 
However , they are durable and have various pockets which is great for him on the job . 
He definitely wants another pair , so we will be purchasing again ! 
Will buy again 
Perfect fit , perfect length . 
Dickies also has name brand recognition which lends a cool vibe to the wearer . 
My son loves the comfort and durability of this product.Naturally , as his mother , I would like him to change it up a little bit , but he likes to wear his clothes into oblivion.Dickies are our compromise . 
My husband wears these on casual Fridays and when visiting his company workshop . 
product is as described . 
purchased for my son who is required to wear this color . 
thicker material with re-inforced knee . 
Made tough to handle all types of work , a bit stiff when new , just need some breaking in . 
gotta love the double knee's added material and these have nice wide straight construction , so it isn't tight on your ankles so I can wear them with my boots or with my skateboard sneakers without those ugly tight ankle width that gets caught on the tops of your shoes . 
these pants were great for 2 times wearing them . 
then the next time i was wearing them i was in my car waiting for work and looked down and they were ripped right down the seam . 
i work in an emergency room and my stuff takes a beating , these pants could not hold up i guess . 
I Recommend the wink pants for men , i have had them for 2 months and there is no problem . 
Another thing wrong with these pants is that the draw string dose not stay tight . 
i constantly had to keep tieing them and my pants still would fall down . 
It came to the point that i had to have nothing in my pockets . 
I even wear them with a sport coat for semi-formal occasions . 
Excellent value at this price point . 
I expect they will wear well . 
Durable Dickies . 
My son actually outgrows these before wearing them out ! ! 
We totally buy lots of Dickies clothes . 
There are , at least , cheap , but what does that matter if they don't fit . 
I gave mine to Goodwill 
Ah , actually ... 
We wear them while sitting in the shade , feeding the birds , and talking about our ailments . 
The material is quite durable , without being too heavy.They do come a bit long , but that is because they are meant to be worn with turned-up cuffs . 
My husband likes them really well . 
And they are a good fit and perfect length . 
He would recommend them and the seller . 
The quality of material . 
Not sure if it will change after washing . 
Feels like wearing a tent . 
Its hard and inflexible . 
I had it cut to size . 
Great for work , heavy duty construction , did not shrink in dryer , great " overall " buy ! 
Compared to other dickies products in the same size , these overall's run a little more snug around the waist . 
I know they're intended more for work use , but i bought them as a sort of funky / quirky piece to wear around casually . 
I wanted to love these as they seemed like a fun idea , but unless you're looking to do some fitting modifications I'd say look elsewhere . 
I bought these bib overalls for my grandson . 
He's a big guy . 
He wears bib overalls to work every day . 
He says they are very well made and a good fit . 
I think Dickies will be his only brand from now on . 
Great for heavy duty work . 
Both my hubby and son wear these bibs and despite messy , heavy work , these bibs hold up well and protect their skin from the elements whether it is the weather or the job ! 
This is a must for my men , and each year or so they get new ones . 
It seems to fit fine . 
I just do not wear it that often as I prefer other jackets that I have . 
I gave it to my buddy who is 6 ' - 1 " 210 lbs and the medium fit him but was still a bit " roomy " . Cool jacket , well constructed , great price , insane sizing . 
Great light jacket for rain or shine , I wear it when its a cool and rainy day , such as today . 
You might want to order one size smaller , originally I ordered an XL , it fit more like an XXL , I returned it and got the L , which fits perfectly . 
it's ok not bad at all , seems to be great quality .. can be a unisex jacket if needed I think , it will serve it's purpose ... 
ordered this for my husband and it was the best item that i bought for him to wear everyday use 
He does not use anything else now :) It fit great and he enjoys it 
Not sure what water it resists , but it doesn't resist water coming from the sky . 
Also the sleeves are not insulated and the thin nylon lining in the sleeves hangs out of the sleeve after putting it on . 
I wear it to tend my animals . 
No snags in it so far . 
I hate the sleeves of this jacket and the seems come undone easily . 
Other than that ... A lightweight water resistant outer shell . 
Long lasting and wear well . 
Would recommend . 
Jeans that fit well and actually sit AT the natural waist , these are them . 
And I think we all know what that translates to when one sits , bends or crouches . 
Frankly , I don't want to see that , and I don't think others do either . 
These are REAL jeans , not those single stitch , thin denim things sold by the people with sail boats on their catalog covers . 
They did seem to be a little small though . 
They went through the wash well and would buy again . 
Maybe in a bigger size though . 
It fits where is expected . 
Thefabric is soft but resistant . 
I have a hard time finding jeans that fit right and aren't baggy in all the wrong places . 
Sizing was spot on and for a change 30 " length is 30 " and not 29 or 28 . 
Durable and quality like all Carhartt products . 
I am very impressed so far . 
as every body knows you cant go wrong with carhartt jeans.they are durable and comfortable . 
Just the type Im looking for . 
Normally jeans are either too tight or too baggy . 
Not comfortible for oldies like me . 
I ended up buying bigger or pleated . 
I bought W36 and L28 . 
Only if they have size W36 and L26 / 27 . 
I go thru allot of jeans . 
I am always looking for jeans , the knees wear thru quickly , and work says no ripped or torn jeans allowed . 
Carhart is supposed to be the big name in hard working clothes , so I paid the extra money to try some out . 
I have bought rustlers from a dept store for less than half the price , that have denim twice as thick and strong . 
So far these have held up , but are showing signs of wear already , I don't see then lasting as long as other jeans I purchased for less money . 
When I ordered these I also ordered two pairs of dickies jeans . 
Dickies are cheaper and unless I look at the label I can't tell the difference . 
Both are really thin denim . 
Nothing special about them but they are built to last . 
My husband wears these works in these jeans . 
These are the only jeans that can hold up to the brutal treatment of putting up fences ! 
I usually only purchase named brand jeans but sincethe size I was looking for was not the normal size you find with Jeans , I decided to purchase it . , Very pleased with Carhatt , this is a nice fitting Jeans & soft to the touch , It didn't have the stiff feeling you receive on other Jeans , this is def.the soft fittings Jeans to purchase , price was a little high , wish it was less expensive but since the size was perfect will purchase again Tku Trish :o) 
It took a few tries to get the size right . 
My husband wears a 32 and in these he wore a 34 . 
Order up a size or two ! 
been wearing these shorts for years reccommend these shorts for big men who still work 
I would get them again if they went on sale . 
I have bought Carhartt merchandise before but never bought their shorts . 
These arrived on time and with perfect packaging . 
The fit is perfect , even after several washings . 
I will buy these again because my husband loves the comfort and fit . 
Duh . 
It appears much more orange online , which i liked , however it was more like it's description says ... BURNT SIENNA . 
Guess it deserves a 5th star cuz it's my bad , but , 4 it stays . 
I would get another because it is a great shirt in general . 
They fit great , and are real long . 
I am a tall size wearer and the tail is plenty long . 
This is a sharp looking long sleeve T-shirt . 
It launders well , looks good , what more do you want ? 
I like the Carhartt brand . 
Just got him another hunter green one because he used the previous green one for painting . 
They are very sturdy well-made shirts and he really likes the pocket it has . 
Very good quality ! 
A high quality product . 
Not an ordinary T Shirt , heavy 100 % cotton , during this cold weather I'm wearing a white T shirt underneath . 
Cuffs have elastic , long length I can tuck in but I wear outside like the model ; great for cool to cold outdoors if you are active you won't need a jacket unless it's really cold . I'm usually a Large 5 ' 11 170 lbs athletic build - wear a 42 Regular suit with 34 " waist athletic build - Medium fits me best but I am slim , if you are larger in the chest and belly then a Large might fit you better.You can find work shirts at stores for half the price , at around $ 20 for a Carhartt you will get a much better product , double stitched every where , washes up real well and will last a long time . 
I try to shop for sales but Carhartt doesn't discount much , so go ahead and pay up for the real deal and you will be glad you did ! Only problem is I wear it all the time , should have followed my wife's advice shoe buying , " if the shirt fits buy it in every color ! " 
Thick fabric , long wear , A POCKET - - HOW UNUSUAL , runs a little large , needs more colors . 
Need more bright colors like the orange . 
Yellow would be nice . 
. 
Didn't have any problems with delivery or packaging , he was satisfied with the fit and quality , I recommend 
Very satisfied with this purchase . 
This was used as a Christmas gift and the person I bought it for loves it . 
It fit great and he said he would recommend it to anyone . 
The shirt fit well and has been washed and washed well . 
I would recommend this shirt to anyone interested . 
Bought it for my husband and it looks good , feels good and has a generous fit ! 
kudos , it is going to be one of his ' go to ' shirts ! 
I ordered a medium I'm 5 ' 6 140 lbs and this jacket is great ! 
My only complaint is that its a little long and kind of boxy , but that's what the cinch cord is made for . 
Overall it was a good purchase . 
Tapered seems and fully waterproof , it makes rainy days just a little more bearable especially if you're a college student like me that walks to class . 
This item does not fit as well as I would like , they are to loose fitting around the legs and do not me my needs as an active wear undergarment . 
Considering I own all four styles and cuts from this brand and this are the most oddly sized . 
However they do not have a vanity button on the front and I wonder if that might be an improvement considering how loose they are in the front . 
After I bought one pair to try out for a hiking trip , I replaced all of my boxers with these . 
Super comfy . 
i prefer the briefs because the boxer shorts are really loose you can walk around just in them or else someone will see your pecker or bag . 
lol keeps you cool tho 
really great shorts for the hot and humid weather and for traveling I would recommend this to family or friends they are awful pricey but well worth it . 
So I started CrossFit and quickly found my standard hanes boxers were a no-go . 
They'd rip in a deep squat , they would bunch up very fast ( choking my thighs , bunching up on my butt only getting tighter in the front and baggier in the back as I progressed ) and I started looking on some online CrossFit communities for a better option . 
Enter these boxer briefs ... while I never thought I'd pay 20 $ for a single pair of underwear ... they are well worth every cent . 
Both are now part of my regular fitness gear . 
Been wearing these under my fishing waders for 2 years now and would never go to another brand . 
I am getting ready to do some traveling . 
I want to go with one bag , as a carry on ... 
I will not be going to any dress up places that I know of , so I can be pretty casual with my clothes .. To get ready , I started browsing the internet looking for info from other travelers who have been " one bag " travelers .. On OneBag.com , I found that this fellow shared a lot of good info , and in that info was his choice of undies .. 
Drying fast was the big deal here ... 
The bag I will be carrying is sold here , but is an EBAGS.com product . 
It is the Mother Lode TLS Weekender Convertible . 
I have it and it looks perfect for me .. 
I also got the three piece packing cube set .. 
These were supposed to be easy to hand wash in a hotel , and dry fast while hanging in the hotel room , etc .. I ordered the boxers . 
I got the boxers . 
I tried on the boxers .. 
They felt really good .. 
I hand washed the boxers and hung them on a line in my bathroom .. 
The boxers did dry fast .. 
So , what they say about then washing easy and drying fast is true .. 
I have since worn them for several days and then hand washed them again .. 
They are very comfy and they do dry fast .. 
So , yes , these are a good choice if you are trying to do what I will be doing .. 
Traveling .. As a side note , I washed these with an ExOfficio air-strip long sleeved shirt , the lite version . 
It dries amost instantly ! ! ! 
The other things I washed was the Patagonia Boxers .. 
So , yes , when I need some more undies , these are the ones I will get . 
They are comfortable and seem to wear very well . 
No complaints at all . 
I like that they are a little longer than most . 
They don't provide any support , so you wouldn't want to wear them jogging , but for hiking they are great . 
Got a couple of pairs of these for my husband and he loves them so much he called them his lucky underwear . 
I decided to buy him enough pairs so he can have on a pair of lucky undies every day ! 
They are awesome for the road . 
These things rock . 
They're lightweight , anti-microbial , and dry in no time . 
I started wearing these for hiking / backpacking because you can bring 2 pairs and be set for a week . 
I liked them so much that I now wear them 3-4 days a week , even in dress clothes . 
That being said , I am not comfortable wearing these in a day-to-day capacity . 
But I've found they can move around and cause a little chaffing if I wear them during my desk job which is odd , but the truth . 
My husband wasn't impressed and laughed when he found out price . 
He works inside so apparently these didn't offer anything special for him that his others didn't . 
Im very happy with my order and I wear these more than any other kind of mens boxer briefs . 
They hold up in all the right parts . 
They also have triple stitching around the waist band which other brands don't have and tend to rip after a few wears . 
I recommend these boxer briefs above all othersThe company is great too , the seller replaced a missing pair that was never delivered to me or lost in the mail without any problems . 
Okay , did I read the reviews about this u'wear before buying it ? 
Yes . 
I was impressed with all the positive feedback so thought I'd buy hubby a pair just to see if he'd like them . 
Wash and wear , dry in an hour , feel great , no smelly's , so I told him all of that and would you believe he wears them and then washes them out in the sink ! ! ! 
I told him they couldn't go into the dryer . 
He tosses them over the towel rack to dry . 
Of course , I usually put them away in his drawer so he can find them next time . 
The fit is true to size . 
I will wait until Valentine's Day and then order another pair . 
I did hesitate thinking $ 20 seems like a lot for underwear . 
They are so much much better quality than the Hanes / FOTL cotton type I've worn for decades . 
Maybe just get a pair for date nights . 
There is little to not support , and they feel sort of scratchy on my skin . 
These underwear fit normally in the waist given the size chart , howerver the butt / legs are looser than most boxer briefs . 
Sometimes I'll wear these several days in a row until she makes me change them . 
They are that comfy . 
They're like that pair you had for years that became so thin you could see through them . 
He loved the fabric and I end up buying him more because I  m just awesome like that ( and because he seemed to only wear one pair  ) So I will recommend them on his behalf . 
Let me preface this by saying that I own 5 or 6 pairs of the ExOfficio standard briefs , and I absolutely love them and gave them 5 stars.However , these don't measure up ... literally . 
They don't provide any support for your package , and you will be bouncing all over the place as you would with a standard pair of boxers . 
I ordered mediums , just like the regular briefs that give me fantastic support , but the boxer-briefs have the crotch hanging much farther down , so you might as well be wearing boxers . 
The thighs fit right , so it's not a matter of going a sized down , because then the thighs would be too tight . I bought these for my cross-training class at my gym so that when I was doing crunches and other exercises where my legs are up in the air I wouldn't be flashing my bright white upper thighs to the class , but I also don't want to have my stuff flailing all over while we're doing jumping jacks and whatnot , so I'm now having to wear these over a standard set of briefs to accomplish that goal until I can find some other boxer briefs that actually provide support.If you're moreso looking to wear these instead of boxers with everyday clothes where you're not worried about twisting your boys and getting testicular torsion , then these could be great for you.BOTTOM - LINE : Don't buy these for athletic support . 
The ExOfficio standard briefs are an excellent choice if you don't care about covering your thighs . 
They feel like they are somewhere between compression shorts and cotton boxer briefs , which I really like . 
Good for working out , hanging out , going to work in , or sleeping in . I accidentally ordered two pairs , but it ended up being ok.They are true to size.Highly recommend . 
These briefs work OK if they fit you . 
I prefer the sports briefs from Champion and Adidas that are sold here for much lower prices than ExOfficio . 
I just returned from a year-long trip that took me around the jungles and beaches of Papua New Guinea , and this product was part of my pack . 
A few days in , his swamp butt go so bad I finally loaned him two extra pairs I was saving just in case something happened to the ones I was wearing . 
He was a convert by the time he left and went home and immediately bought several more pairs to wear back in the USA . 
These things save lives , people . 
Get a few pair for your next trip abroad . 
Your junk will thank you . 
They stretch and breathe better than anything Under Armour or Nike make . 
I've had a couple of pairs for a few years , which I workout in every day . 
I stretch and squat with them , which normal cotton underwear just ripped after a couple of months . 
They are also more comfortable because they do stretch so easily.They ' re expensive , but they're worth it . 
I will not wear any other undergarment and havent in about 4 years . 
After washing I hang them up and they're dry in a very short time and they feel brand new . 
As an avid hiker this problem compounds itself to the point of searing rawness that makes for an unpleasant experience to say the least . 
Unfortunately they have a tendency to stink to high heaven . 
So I thought I would give ExOfficio a try.First time on I must say I love the fit . 
Snug in the thigh , so they stay in place where I need them . 
The upper band stays put on the waist and doesn't bunch or roll . 
If you are sharing a tent , your already filthy and sweaty , the last thing he / she wants is to smell is reeky skeevies.My only concern is that where the cloth makes contact with my thighs it feels like it is pilling already . 
normal dress pants . 
will update after a couple weeks of wear and see what happens with new ones . 
I really want these to work out , they fit feel great . 
At first , the fit took a bit getting used to . 
Then it grew on me . 
Much better value . 
My hubby says this is the best boxer brief he has ever tried , so I bought him another one . 
he said it is breathable and comfy / 
I think I had a total of 5 or 6 pairs , and wore them for hiking / camping etc , but also every-day use.They hold up great , wick awesomely , and I've seen very little to no wearing out from washing them , or even drying on high heat ... although you can of course just air dry them in little to no time.Meanwhile , this past year I had a puppy who liked to get into my dirty clothes and eat them , and I was down to only 3 pairs left so I decided to order more ! These are seriously the best underwear that you can buy . 
These are my go-to when I'm camping . 
Sometimes , when needed , I've been able to go a couple days in these and didn't feel bad about it at all . 
Pros : Lightweight and doesn't absorb much odorCons : Takes a while to dry , much longer than my nylon shorts or wool shirts / socks 
A bit of a surprise . 
Will come in handy on trips ; with this and one other like it , I won't need to take bulky cotton briefs . 
J shoe trees . 
The arch , under the tongue of the shoe , helps support the shape of the shoe much better than other shoe trees . 
The order arrived earlier the estimated date . 
Vendor's customer services is great.My shoes size is from 6.0 to 7.5 , it really depends on kind of shoes and brand . 
This was slight larger , but I can work with it.It is good for shoes low rise , flat . 
It works in some flat boots as well . 
The material is great.Oh , they came in pairs ... I hope this helps . 
They fit true to size without any problem , came with minimal packing just as I like it . 
Construction seems adequate , and the wood was finished so that it had no rough spots . 
Fit instantly in the shoes , no effort required for entry or exit . 
I bought some fine leather shoes and the Johnston and Murphy guy wanted to sell me expensive shoe trees . 
As a plus , they make it much easier to wax and shine the shoe . 
I'm no expert on shoe trees , but it fits my shoes , holds the shape , and is cedar . 
Quality build , came as expected . 
Not much else to say . 
These are perfect . 
Fits an 10.5 - 11 foot shoe perfectly . 
Keeps the smell down and the shape of the shoe . 
I ordered FootFitter shoe trees a couple of weeks after these , and the FootFitters are just better all around . 
The pull-cord feels more sturdy , and the function seems easier , but most importantly , the foot fitters SMELL like cedar.There is a night-and-day difference between the two in terms of smell . 
So if you're looking for true cedar shoe trees that absorb moisture and leaves your shoes smelling fresh , go for the less-popular FootFitters for the same price ( the FootFitters were actually cheaper than the Woodlores when I ordered the second time around / ) 
I kept the stretchers in for a week and they did the job as I can get the orthotics in and they widened the toe box as well . 
I recommend them . 
I wear a 14 and these have no problem expanding and fitting snug inside my shoes . 
Sometimes when you buy a nice pair of dress shoes , they'll throw in a pair of wood shoe trees . 
My only complaint would be that the trees came very dusty with cedar dust / saw dust , and I needed to really rub them down with a sock before sticking them in my dress shoes . 
These are real cedar , made in the U . S . A . , and are less than 1/10 th the cost of a new pair of dress shoes ( which is what you'll need if you don't take good care of your dress shoes ) so I'm happy with the product overall . 
You need a good shoe tree alwaysI have only good things to say : wood . quality . 
shape . 
it is cheaper for me in Brisbane to buy a new Timex from Amazon than it is to get a watch battery replaced - go figure - this watch I wear every day to work and it has been faultless 
No double snap closure . 
It feels really cheap inside . 
Dissapointed . 
No longer feeling it necessary to keep my checkbook in my wallet , I realized I could use a smaller one and take up less room in my purse . 
There are plenty of spaces for everything ! 
I would recommend this nicely-made wallet to anyone , and the seller did a great job . 
So I spent quite a bit of time looking for another one similar to it , to no avail . 
Furthermore , it's really a nice looking wallet for the price . 
Time will tell how long it will last ! 
THESE JEANS ARE THE ONLY ONES THAT I HAVE FOUND THAT FIT MY CRAZY FIGURE WITHOUT PAYING A FORTUNE FOR . I WEAR THEM ALMOST EVERY DAY . 
I do not have to roll up the cuffs ! ! ! 
the length is 34 " and I need a little longer but hard to find . 
these are ok . 
I've been a fan of the Amanda Stretch jeans for quite some time now . 
They are the best for curvy figures . I am a size 8 and I like that these jeans allow you to show your wait and wear belts withoutany bulges showing . 
They are really flaterring and comfortableIt is becoming more difficult every year to find these jeans , so all cury ladies please join mein demanding that they continue to be manufactured and in more colors . 
You can't beat the quality for the price . 
Great for casual wear . 
Can be dressed up or dressed down . 
I would never wear them with dressy heels as pictured . 
I bought these in three colors . 
Love them for everyday wear . 
I don't like that this jean is not provided by Amazon . 
I purchased two pairs of these jeans , one white and the other Latte size 10 . 
The white fit perfectly and the Lattie fit like a size 8 . 
They are all made in different countries and that seems to be the problem . 
And if the jeans are not provided by Amazon but a Florida company you will need to pay for returns which I think is wrong . 
Evidently , this company has had a lot of problems with sizing so please do not buy from this company . 
This is what they are . 
The colour seems to fade a little quickly compared to some of my other camo pants , but the extra two pockets are nice . 
NICE QUALITY MATERIAL , NOT TOO HEAVY NOT TOO LIGHT . 
I buy these as a gift for an older friend . 
He is really hard on clothes and these last and last for him . 
I just interchange . 
I like it very much , and I think you will as well . 
Very pretty ! 
It's heavy enough to look great and hold your jewelry without being flimsy . 
I have no complaints . 
Arrived quickly too and seems to be well made . 
I had my doubts when I bought these earrings . 
I've not had much luck in buying jewelry on line . 
I was always disappointed with my purchases--cheap , tinny and badly made . 
No disappointments here . 
. 
. 
I have already worn them several times . 
I bought these as one of my teenager daughter's Christmas gifts this past year . 
Perfect length , not too long . 
I wear these often , love them ! 
This is an attractive necklace at 36 " for $ 25 . 
If it was offered at a discount when I bought it a year ago , I think I would've bought more to create a multi-strand look with my outfits . 
Overall , the necklace was okay but the pricing could've been cheaper . 
Purchased this necklace from the supplier and was pretty disappointed . 
The distinctive texture of the photo isn't apparent when one actually wears it . 
Looks like hardware store chain for miniatures or crafts . 
Kinda boring . 
Would likely break easily . 
I really like these bibs . 
I'm 6 ' 4 " and 240 lbs . 
so its always been kinda hard to find clothes that fit me . 
Now that I've gotten a bit older , 55 , I have a bit of a beer belly going so it was a bit difficult deciding what size of these to order . 
My jeans are 38x34 and a bit tight but 40x34 jeans fall off my butt . 
I really need a 39 waist jeans but they don't make that size . 
Any who , tired of ill fitting jeans that are either too tight or fall off , and I ain't a fan of the droopy pants showing my underwear , I thought I'd go for some bibbies . 
It would be nice if they had these in a 34 length but with the straps out all the way these are ok . 
I probably should have ordered the 42 waist but I can do with these any who.These bibs are very well stitched and are made from nice heavy fabric so they should wear for years . 
The stripes are pretty cool looking too . 
my father who is 100 years old has been wearing overalls since they were invented i believe ! 
it has become increasinglyhard to find them in the strips he prefers ( do not ask me why , i think the plain blue ones are more flattering ) 
Wrong , these pants are huge and sloppy and there's so much fabric that my movements are hindered significantly , making work in these pants almost impossible . 
The fabric is very thick and heavy , which is nice because that makes it more durable and protects you , but that also means it's very heavy and cumbersome 
I would recommend for costumes and short time use . 
Wide enough to sit comfortable on shoulders and you don't even notice the clasps ( they don't interfier with sitting at all ) . 
Look forward to wearing them with oversize cargo pants and a tee shirt this summer . 
Bought for my daughter . 
Thanks ! 
Leather is quite stiff until it starts to break in . 
Ariat sole and welt construction is excellent . 
Justin wide boots are wider and if you are width challenged will probably fit better . 
This is a very well made boot that looks good and fits well . 
Now we havefigured out the correct size to order , a brown pair will be next ! 
Ordered them in black and liked them so much I bought these in brown . 
I haven't taken it out in a major storm , but it's worked fine otherwise . 
This is noticeably annoying if you're using it for a while . 
No real complaints but sometimes it takes a couple times to get it to " stick " when collapsing the umbrella for storage . 
The pants arrived quickly and without any rips , stains or damages . 
The pants were a little bit too big when I took them out of the package but they fit perfectly after I washed them once . 
I would absolutely order another pair of these if I needed to . 
I bought these for my husband who needs pants that can be for dress up and every day . 
He has had a stroke and has lost use of one arm , hand , and leg . 
He asked me to find pants that he could wear for many days without having to change his wallet , keys , etc .. 
These are perfect . 
These socks really feel good on the feet , have GOOD elasticity without cording your legs and fit good in my tennis shoes and hiking boots . 
Same size . 
The others ? 
Dickies are quality brand products let me assure you , the pants are just a little larger than expected . 
A little more baggy around the legs than I like but hey I will not outgrow them . 
I bought 10 trousers off Amazon from different suppliers and they all true 42 - however this product is more like a 40 - coppmpletely wrong fit and I measured the waist . 
I haven't the need to wear a size larger as some other reviewers have mentioned . 
They fit as they should . 
The cargo pockets are generously sized and good for carrying pretty much anything . 
I find that it is easier to work in these pants than jeans , especially in warmer weather , due to the lighter weight and better range of motion that they allow . 
I would definitely buy another pair . 
The size is exactly as you'd expect . 
They aren't skinny pants and aren't really baggy . 
The waiste fits well and doesn't dig into my sides like many pants do . 
I hard to bend over to pick something up and they had an obvious stretch to them so I had no fear of tearing / ripping . 
I ordered Khaki and will now order black and charcoal as a follow up order.Updated : I now have charcoal and black and they fit just as well . 
He wants a few more pairs to just have for when these wear out . 
They collect every thing from fuz to hair to any thing u sit on . 
I really like the fit and style of these pants . 
I am not a 20 year old rapper who wants his pants hanging of the bottom of my butt cheeks ... but if I was , these would be perfect for me ! 
Very Quick tough material that should last and exactly what I needed living up here in the remote North Cascades National Park ! 
Thanks ! 
Good Colors and decent fit . 
There are a lot of awful fitting trousers for guys out there . 
I have never had a problem with Dickies brands . 
They are tough , fit well and hold their shape . 
sized right for me . 
These pants are loose-fitting . 
I don't know whether I did not realize that due to my error or the advert . 
Be very careful about the size and fit . 
If you have to return , it is expensive . 
Not a good purchase on my part . 
I recommend this to anyone . 
I purchased this hat in remembrance of my fellow Marines who I miss almost every day . 
The hat is worth way more than the little bit I paid for it . 
It fits really well and I think it will last for a long time . 
I purchased this hat for my outdoorsy 4 year old daughter . 
It is a good fit . 
The hat is durable and feels like it is made of high quality fabric . 
I would purchase this again . 
My son loves it . 
He works at a grocery store in the " cool / cold " departments . 
Perfect for his needs . 
Machine washable for easy cleaning care . 
The duffle is well made except for a few things . 
1 you can't put a paddle lock on it to secure the contents . 
2 it's a little too narrow . 
A sleeping bag will not fit ( if its rolled up ) . 
Other then then that it's ok . 
I purchased these for my daughter for cheer practice and she loves how they fit . 
I will buy more of these in the future . 
Wear this faithfully with my other ear cuffs as a complement to any outfit . 
Dress it up or down . 
Would recommend as a must-have addition to any ear cuff or ear piercings wardrobe . 
This is a decent quality piece of jewelry . 
However its a bit big for my ear i am afraid i will lose it somewhere . 
Maybe i will have to narrow it so its fits better . 
Fit good , seems like good quality made . 
Color kinda dark for my jeans but ok . Would recommend good buy and fast delivery . 
Bought them for my son and he practically lives in them . 
Wants another pair or two ... hmmm ... birthdays coming up . 
A great buy and a durable product 
Is excellent when you have snow and or muddy field . 
Good all around boot . 
Let me start off with saying I'm normally a Justin boots girl . 
They will be cute wether you are wearing them with jeans , dresses , or shorts . 
I'm a size 7 & 1/2 , and they fit well . 
The left boot was a little bit more snug when I first put them on , but after wearing them for about an hour it adjusted . 
Now , while they are cute boots to wear out , I personally wouldn't ride in them . 
I can see why some riding classes don't allow Fatbabys . 
Because they are fat they might be a little difficult to fit in the stirrups for me . 
So my final opinion is that my Ariats are my going out boots , but Justin's will always be my riding boots . 
I really was amazed at how well these little boots felt when I went on a trip to Germany . 
I have torn cartilage in one of my knees and must insert orthotic insoles into every pair of shoes I wear . 
I only wish they were made in a size like A or AA because I have a very narrow foot , but I'll take anything I can get . 
Toebox is wider than Ariat Ropers . 
Look great and are fun to wear . 
They came quickly and delivered in great condition . 
Went to try them one and WOW , what a great find . 
Thank you ariat for making great looking boots ! 
! 
This is simply georgious ! ! 
Beautiful black robe and the embroidery is wonderful ! 
I recommend it ! 
Lenght is longer than expected , so it has to be shortened.the quality is fair , and not something I would buy again 
Bathrobes that button are not easy to find . 
I bought this for my MIL who is a stroke survivor . 
This was the only one I could find that buttoned . 
This worked perfect . 
NOT GOOD . 
I RE-ORDERED AND GOT THE MED . 
32-34 . 
AND IT WAS WRONG AGAIN , IT WAS A 31 WAIST , SO IF YOUR A SMALL GUY WAIST 29 , GET THE MED . 
But I like them so much I'm leaving the five star rating.Absolutely great sweatshirt . 
Not too heavy , and roomy for airflow in the summer . 
Just ordered other colors . 
! 
purchased two in " mocha " and one in " yam " , all double XL , and the yam colored garment is at least two sizes smaller than the mocha colored garments ( which fit perfectly ) - the yam garment is also lighter weight . 
i noticed that the tags in the mocha garments show that they were made in thailand while the tag in the yam garment shows that it was made in china . 
i really dig the mocha garments , they are perfect in every way , but i would i would like to order other colors . 
unfortunately ordering other colors is problematic given there is clearly a difference between the garments depending on where they were made . 
can the seller indicate which colors were made where ? 
this would be extremely helpful . 
Cheap shirts with excellent fabric . 
I decided to buy 3 because of the low price . 
I can't wait to buy more :) Pros : Slim , Light , ColorfulCons : Should be at least an inch shorter 
I like the way it fits and I like having it sent right to my door . 
Material was okay , nothing fancy ! 
I wear it around the house , enough said ! 
Reseller was good to get it from ! 
I would buy again for sure 
Quality is what you would expect , I felt that they are a little thin , but no where near " vintage style " 
This shirt was just a little snug , but that's my only complaint . 
My husband needed another shirt to wear under his military uniform . 
This was a wonderful inexpensive solution . 
Shirt fits as expected . 
About the right size . 
Feels comfortable and casual enough to wear anywhere . 
The colors are vivid and stay that way . 
I usually purchase mine locally and have some of these that have gone through thirty wash cycles and they almost zero fade . 
Another thing I love is the relatively thick cotton fabric . 
Although they are pre-shrunk I recommend ordering the next size up if you are borderline between sizes . 
I bought this Men's T in smalls for myself , as I prefer this fit when doing crafts and decorating homes , I usually wear medium in women's sizes.The quality seems good , soft and not thin at all . 
I bought it to go with some basketball shorts and I'm planning to get some get wear out of it ... 
The shirt itself is ok , the fit was way to tight . 
these run a bit small . 
I normally wear a large , wish i woulda ordered an XL . 
It'll be a good oil rag . 
I can wear them out in with jeans . 
I really like to belt them at waist , but my favorite way is with an oversized belt between waist and above the hip . 
I wear these T's with light summer vest , some I wear with lots of pearl or chain necklaces . 
And they are cute with a scarf around the neck 
Have several different colors and they fit well with very little shrinkage . 
I . 
Bought these shirts for my son , he really like them , long sleeved , but not to warm , just right for California wear . 
nice for the price but a little thin , if you wear a large buy an extra largethat way they will fit . 
The colors are sharp , they are a good fit ( I'm a 38 short and got the large ) and I actually like them so much I got the same colors in the short sleeve style for the summer . 
I also feel it's a good price , since the short sleeve shirts cost the same.As for the fit - I purchased a medium and a large . 
I usually wear a medium , but both shrank so much I decided to go with the large . 
The large shrank down to a loose medium , but the medium was a little too tight for me . 
I have put on some weight since my last purchased , so I think I am a large now . 
But I wanted everyone to know that they do shrink - big time . 
Plus , with the heavier material it's hard to get them over the shoulder as the material doesn't flex as much . 
I now own about 8 of these in different colors 
I bought it to wear it in bed so I got the Large ( I'm usually size XS or S in everything ) . 
It says it's cotton but it's not very soft . 
Size is accurate . 
Quality is excellent . 
Nice long sleeved tee . 
This short sleeve shirt was purchased for St Patrick's Day . 
I've been using Hanes Tees for five years now . 
I use them under my long sleeve shirts . 
Every day , six days a week , for about 12 to 16 hours each day , I wear them . 
At the end of the year , they are good enough to give to charity.With this I tell you the quality of these Tees . 
Like all Hanes products there is not much you can say.un pretty much true to size.They have very good quality and theyrun pretty much true to size . 
We ordered this shirt for our Grandson . 
The order arrived on time , without damage . 
He said that it fit and he will wear it . 
I use them to wear underneath collared shirts to be seen where the neck is , to add software to my already funky shirts . 
I don't understand the negative feedback from anyone , they are high quality , made well , and I have many of them . 
The only thing negative I can say is that the prices can be a little bit lower , and should be . 
These shirts fit fine and don't shrink when washed . 
The material is a little on the thin side . 
Would be cool in the summer . 
I got this for my husband to sleep in and he loves it - - - soft and doesn't shrink or stretch when you wash it . 
I bought this Hanes Men's T in smalls for myself , as I prefer this fit when doing crafts and decorating homes , I usually wear medium in women's sizes.The quality seems good , not thin at all . 
He wants to purchase more , and we probably will , just wish the shirt was not as expensive for one shirt . 
They don't fit half bad for a large-chested woman wearing a man's shirt . 
That being said I ordered both a 5XLT and 4XLT figuring for the cheap price these are going for that if they did run small that I could wear the bigger one and would soon be able to wear the 4XL . 
The 5XL was even a tad bit tight . 
Wearable and a little shorter than I'm used to but it's not a tall shirt either . 
Just a heads up in case you shop elsewhere and are looking here expect them to be a little smaller than you may be used to , but the price is very nice compared to others . 
Although I would buy the next size up , the quality is good , color vivid and washed nicely with no shrinkage . 
Shipped very quickly . 
I ordered these to use as tunic-like tops . 
I wear out loose , I belt them at waist or low on hips ( that's my favorite ) You can do many looks with different belts . 
My husband likes to sleep in a t-shirt and these work perfect . 
They fit well , they were inexpensive and he likes them . 
Works for him ! 
Runs wayyyy big 
however , these shirts shrink ! ! ! 
false and misleading advertising . 
won't buy these shirts again and you shouldn't buy at all ! ! ! 
! 
This product is not lined . 
It's made of a thicker material then what I've come to expect from most unlined bra's , but it's not the same . 
If you want a lined bra then don't get this one . 
I tried on a few t-shirts and you could see the wrinkles ( and my nipples ) through the t-shirt . 
Wish it was in pretty colors rather than plain nude . 
Finally a bra I order online that fits ! 
I have ordered 5-6 bras , never had ONE fit , this one is perfect . 
These are very reflective , my hubby really likes them , they were a good price and are of a reasonable quality , the price was right and you would probably be happy with them , if this is what you're looking for ! 
We like to go places together looking like FBI agents.These aviators are excellent quality for the price . 
It's honestly hard to match that . 
I always opt for cheap , but of at least decent quality for the reason I stated above . 
I drop my glasses sometimes and I wanna replace them easy - not with $ 150 Ray Ban's . The one negative about these aviators is they are dark as night . 
I need to reemphasize this point to you . 
The lens on these glasses are VERY dark . 
The only time the darkness is appropriate is if the sun is brightly shining . 
If the sun goes behind even a small cloud , it becomes so dark that it is difficult to see.Love the quality , price , and look of these av's , but they are so dark I will keep wearing other ones for the time being except when I go to places like the beach , or anywhere with excessive sunlight . 
I appreciate the fact that they come with their own cloth case too . 
I am glad I bought these ! 
I would buy more of this products . 
Just remember that your not paying much so do not expect them to last forever but good knockoff ! 
! 
I was recently in the hospital for a while and dug the socks they gave me . 
They were pretty comfortable , and definitely kept me from slipping ( I was told that I had to wear them so the hospital would avoid a lawsuit ) . 
My parents have gotten at the age where I am concerned about their fragility , so I saw these and thought they would be a nice way to avoid any injuries ... and kind of gave them as a gag gift.Well , it's a good thing that they come in a giant bundle , because these things fall apart pretty much immediately . 
Walking around the house causes the pads to come off the sock . 
The hospital socks have a different material on the bottom to create the grip padding - - - what these give you is more or less a sticker on a sock . I do NOT recommend these for anyone that things they're getting anything functional . 
My mom does wear shoes any more her feet are to swollen being 96 years old I don't expect her to wear shoes . 
Really soft and comfy socks . 
Can't go wrong with non-skid on the bottom . 
They do wear out after you wear and wash them a whole bunch of times , but I have to say it is worth it to replace one every now and then . 
My mom had a stroke , she went into a rehab facility and needed some socks that would stay on and provide good traction during her rehab . 
Well , these fit the bill ! 
I ordered a second pair of the black , woodland and desert . 
I wear them all the time . I'm a 34 in the waist and medium fits me snug enough to wear my glock inside the waist with a quick draw clip . 
I just wish that the price was lower . 
Very pretty decorative jewelry armoire.Plenty of places to store all your jewelry.Easy to assemble ( not much assembly required ) . 
Fast shipping.Keep an eye out though for lower prices on this item , I found they ranged from $ 300.00 to as low as $ 150.00 . I originally bought it through some one else , their price was higher & they were taking for ever to ship . I cancelled that order & bought it cheaper with FREE shipping aswell.So shop around you can get same product cheaper . 
This is not worth the money that was charged . 
The pieces of wood are uneven and not strong . 
Poor paint job . 
Hinges on lid do not tighten therefore it wobbles like it's going to fall apart . 
Drawers do not fit properly . 
I would not recommend to anyone to buy this . 
I have been wearing this name-brand shirt for years . 
This camisole is light-weight and perfect for warmer weather . 
This was a bit overkill for what I need . 
The lacy patter showed thru a maxi dress . 
Zipper on the side was easy to get up and had hooks to make sure it would stay closed . 
I mostly bought this because I like the retro look and not because I wanted a lot of waist cinching . 
I have a 32 " waist and 42 " hips , and I sized up by ordering the 34 - XXL . 
It's still a little more snug than I'd like , creates a roll above the top and around the bottom . 
In the future I will order a 36 - XXL . 
:) 
Yes will buy again 
They stay on your feet even slightly over sized . 
These are old school leather boots . 
They require patience to break in , but it really is not bad at all . 
There is actually no reason for a painful break in period if you are smart about it . 
Do not go out on a long hike the first day you wear these boots ! 
Just casually wear them around the house for a few days . 
Then start walking around the block . 
If no discomfort , then up your distance a bit . 
Each day , increase distance , but by no more than 1/2 mile or a mile at most . 
I had some aesthetic complaints about the boots when I first took them out of the box ( that all became non-issues , see below ) . 
These Danners are truly old school boots , and should not be judged too hastily . 
Mine are getting comfortable , and all the aesthetic complaints I had about the right boot , are a non-issue now . 
The boots have stretched and things have settled into place , and they look great . 
The stance , at least for me , is just right . 
They feel very stable and give a good feel for the ground beneath my feet . 
They don't give me an unpleasant " jacked up " feeling at all . 5/11 / 14 UPDATE ( after about 100 miles ) Upgraded to 4 stars . 
They just feel right on my feet . 
I walked 9.5 miles one day , no problems . 
The fit is perfect and it is so comfortable to wear . 
My husband likes this too ! 
! 
I have never bought a Playtex bra before because I thought they were old fasioned . 
It fits , it's sexy looking and is very up to date in every way . 
I will buy more . 
I purchased this bra because I needed a plunge push-up for a wedding I was in and the original bra I had purchased online would not arrive on time . 
This bra was the only bra I could find that fit my criteria of a 44D , black , plunge , push-up , that would arrive in time for the wedding.The fit was not great . 
I could get it closed but the fat under my arms was pushed out very predominantly and this was not going to work . 
Since I was in a time crunch I just went to a local store and purchased a bra extender to solve that problem ( this store doesn't carry my size and is why I didn't purchase a bra here ) . 
After that , no more bulge . 
The straps were constantly slipping off my shoulders . 
I had to cinch them so tight just to get them to stay up , that you could see the indent on my shoulders through my dress . 
This bra just lacked the overall comfort I'm used to.The push-up aspect wasn't bad . 
I didn't need a ton of cleavage I just needed some extra lift because my dress was very low cut . 
They don't close and just slip on and off . 
Eventually I was able to get this to stop , thankfully.If I hadn't already worn this bra I would return it . 
Wire poked out of material after wearing one time . 
No coating on ends ... went right through material . 
Not impressed . 
Bought to replace a bra Bali no longer makes and not worth it 
This one fits me perfect ! 
Thank you . 
Thank you 
I have been wearing this same sneakers for many years . 
They are not heavy at all so they are perfect for long walks . 
They stay nice for a long time also . 
I particularly like the fact that the footbed can be lifted insert a show lift if you need it . 
I love these thigh highs , and have come back to buy several more pairs . 
They do not run very easily . 
The sock I bought was my size . 
I'm not even overweight . 
Only get this if you have tight thighs , like very muscular . 
These were bought to wear under some of my dresses with my garter belts to be more elegant and sexy for my husband 
Good quality , but I'm super hard on my nylons . 
Managed to snag on my laptop bag ( ! ? ! ) 
because I'm just that clumsy . 
I'll buy another pair so I can keep using the one that isn't snagged . 
Came up pretty high on my thigh as I wanted , and love them . 
These are the original thigh-highs . 
They are impossible to find in stores . 
If you are a Hanes person and looking for the original hose , these are for you . 
Was concerned they might " slide down " as the day progressed - - but well-made band keeps them in place without and pinching ... don't notice the band after putting them on.Like the ability to only have to throw away " one " of the pair if you get a run ... and can easily mix with other packages of same color as color quality consistent.At first , was concerned about price ( more costly than panty hose ) - - but fit , feel , and durability make up for this . 
Would recommend product , quality , style , and vendor . 
I would buy them again and have already 
pretty design , great color - aquai but i would be enbarrassed to wear these . 
they bulge out in the middle like a rowboat 
Not being a " shoe person , " this classic slip on design appeals to me . 
That is all I want . 
I can stand in these all day and not get tired , achy feet . 
Would definitely recommend . 
After walking around in them my feet started to hurt . 
Would of needed them in a wide I think . 
They last forever , too 
I normally wear size 6.5 , came somewhat small.so ladies if you are buying get a 1/2 size bigger for a perfect fitas well as comfort .. the shoes color is pretty and the quality is good . 
These shoes were made for extremely small feet . 
I ordered my size and wide , but they were not wide at all . 
They were pretty , . and looked comfortable . 
I will have to remain with Trotters . 
Very tight in toe area . 
Will have to stretch them out some . 
.. ... ... ... 
Fit great in heel area , look dressy , looks like wearing high heels 
Can't say enough about the Lerato . 
One of my favorites in my closet since going on a " shoes that won't kill my feet search " this month . 
Finances kept me away from Naturalizer for many years . 
My feet have suffered . 
But back even if finances aren't much better . 
Ever feel like a favorite shirt or PJ is your buddy ? 
This is how I feel about this shoe . I've gotten several colors . 
Wear anywhere . 
No wonder there are so few left of this style.Note : I wear an 8.5 W . 
This shoe runs long in heel so I exchanged for 8W . 
PERFECT ! 
This is a really cute casual shoe . 
I don't know if they are a long distance walking shoe but they are great for the mall or out with friends . 
The fit is true to size and not too narrow . 
Great looking with Jean or casual pants . 
The colour is not too dark ... I would call it a true camel , too . 
I'd like to get them in black . 
I needed some black shoes . 
These were inexpensive , good looking , and fit extremely well . 
Skechers have felt better than my Doc Martins . 
This review is for the brown leather version of these shoes ( shiny , not suede ) . 
There is no way to repair it . 
Stripping it off doesn't work all the way either . 
The leather underneath the film is completely unfinished . 
I do not recommend these shoes for any purpose except maybe light occasional use.Too bad too , because the rest of the shoe seems well constructed . 
i ; v been wearing these for years for work , they are as expected look great 1st 2months then drop off in comfort and durability 3 and 4th mnth i get about total of 5 to 6 mnths out b4 they are garbage .. but to be expected considering there made in china town where nothing of any quality comes from / so that said if yout spend hundreds on redwings which are made in china now 2 u just get expensive junk work shoes so why bother there all crap .. 
My husband loves these . 
Only thing before you put them in the dryer put the metal straps in a pillow case and tie them . 
He looks good in them , too ! 
It's Dickies ... you get what you pay for and that's good rugged quality fabric . 
The pockets were a little high on the back for my taste and that's the only reason why I didn't give it a 5 star rating , but nonetheless I like them a lot worth ever penny I spent ... and my wife says and I quote " they look good of your butt honey " Ha ! 
Wife hates these . 
Not much more to say about overalls . 
Well made 
Didn't realize how wide the pant legs are and it seemed like the legs were really long . 
I like them and I feel they will last for many years . 
I purchased these Columbia pants for my husband for Christmas . 
I actually wanted them for an upcoming trip we will be taking to Paris ; there is a side , zip pocket which will be very helpful to fend off pick-pockets . 
It can be removed ( which we will do for travel ) and then easily put back on without damaging it . 
Kind of long in the waist and a bit baggy overall . 
Medium weight material , soft but not great - would probably improve with washing . 
Good fit as ordered.Very soft pants - without getting beat up - like jeansWill buy these again.Great price . 
A light weight but tough utility pair of pants . 
The 38W fits loose , but if it shrinks , who knows . 
Fit is overall loose . 
Not dressy at all . 
No structure . 
No lining . 
No crease . 
Handy zippered pocket for your wallet or passport . 
Couldn't wear them , when I walked I came right out of them , had to walk barefoot . 
I love the look , just would not stay on my feet . 
The package was sent in a timely manner which gave me the oppotunityto decide what outfit I am going to wear for my Mother's 85th Birthday . 
I without adoubt reccomend these shoes . 
Really great looking shoe . 
Our neighborhood is one where some folks clear the walk down to the pavement and some do not so I haven't used them much . 
If I was walking on a ton of snow and Ice they would be perfect . 
I live on a mountain where we have snow and ice on the ground for much of the winter . 
Plus the price is much better than competition . 
I bought them for all my daughters and parents . 
Even my little grandson wanted some , they are a bit too big for him this year but the extra small may fit him next year . 
The sizes are deceiving , since I think a size 11 women's is large but it only takes a medium trak to fit the shoe well . 
You can even wear them with heals because of the design . 
I feel a lot safer walking at night with them . 
Smart idea ! 
After two very serious falls this winter even when wearing my chunky soled winter boots I decided it was time to invest in some Yaktrax . 
They go on fairly easy , and come off even more easily ( but you will get hands dirty with whatever ice and dirt is on the bottom of your shoes ) . 
I wear a size 9 and the small fit my shoes perfectly . 
I also bought a medium for boyfriend ( and also works on my bigger size 10 boots ) , but we have yet to try that set . 
This coming week we have another ice storm on the way , so will probably get a chance to test them on solid black ice surfaces that run from our frost door to our parking spot spaces down a steep hill . 
Will update once they get the true test . 
I've used my Yaktrax maybe 10 times , 4 of them were when I was running . 
But last time I ran I noticed that two of the elastic bands snapped , same band on both . I'm thinking it was caused by one or two things : I take them off my shoes almost every time since I use them on both my hiking boots and my running shoes , I'm thinking that could have given the metal spirals to shift a bit and pinch the elastic band.The last time I ran on them I would say it was clean cement 70 % of the time and ice and snow the other 30 % , so another possibility is the rough cement caused the elastic to fray easier.Will definitely buy heavier duty ones next time . 
I used to think putting these odd things on top of a pair of sneekers was a waste of time but now know it's the best use of five minutes or less for getting your footing . 
I am a big clutz . 
I bought these to put on my shoes during the winter so I would not fall . 
I like the ease of slipping them on and off . 
These work great ... I haven't fell once this year . 
Liked it a lot since I can run around doing errands for hours without feeling pain on my feet ! 
I ordered the ivory and they are beautiful . 
I liked these so much that I went back and bought the black and beige too . 
Like ths shoe . 
It is open and has low heel - perfect for long summer walks . 
Would buy again 
I walk our large collie dog everyday in the winter and these were very handy for that light duty job . 
This was a long , ugly winter and our only mistake was not buying these sooner . 
We walk our dog twice and day and these probably saved us from falls many times . 
No sign of wear , even after walking on many sidewalks without ice . 
These are not expensive pants . 
Many of the negative reviews of these slacks are unfair because it seems they expected high-grade spun Egyptian cotton and custom tailoring , if that's what you want , go buy it ( and expect to pay accordingly ) . That said , these are nice medium weight khakis that are perfect for movie night or a saturday outing . 
The sizing is good . 
( god save us from ' perma-press ! ' 
) All your pants shouldn't have to be office-wear quality and cut . 
These are a true fit for me ( size 10M ) I would almost bet , you'll be happy with theses , as i am ! 
Cushion for support is excellent . 
Shoes are lightweight and flexible . 
I highly recommend these shoes for walking and everyday wear . 
i am too fat for this belt will give it to my brother for his birthday next month i know he will like it 
Do not waste your money ! 
I like the shirts , no tags , nice and soft ... the only reason why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5 stars is that they shrunk length-wise . 
My daughter is tall and skinny , so the last thing I wanted was for the shirts to get shorter , but it still works . 
If you are a bigger guy then you know all about the magic that is fishing shirts ! 
These shirts do run big , but they fit so well . 
You can move and bend and it doesn't get tight . 
I have had no trouble with shirts fading or buttons falling out . 
What is also nice is that they are long so you can bend over without your lower back falling out . 
Really a great product , but know that they run a little big . 
If you have experience with these shirts then you know all about it . 
This product is made with a very good quality material and fit very well to me , I'm glad to make business with them 
Cannot wait to wear it on our fishing trip ! 
I really like the big pockets and the shirt feels so light and cool . 
Thank you . P . S . 
You can't go wrong buying this . 
After hundreds of washings , from wearing to work or play the color has not faded it has not shrunk . 
This is a very pretty shirt . 
I wear M size but this shirt is so large in my size . 
I recommend to latin people buy one menor size . 
No ... seriously . 
I bought one about a month ago and I've been buying another each week . 
I have five now . 
It's all I wear . 
I'm posting this review as I'm buying shirts 6 and 7.The only bad thing is the color choices . 
I was asked for park information a couple times while enjoying the California Redwoods ! 
Next time around , I'll spring for the blue Bahama ... The workmanship of this made in Vietnam shirt is excellent but , as other reviewers noted , runs at least one size too large . 
I'm 5 ' 8 " 140LBs with slim athletic build ( biker / runner ) and normally wear small . 
I've been wearing Columbia jackets and shirts for years and most run a size large , so par for the course . I live in the tropics and the sun burns me through my t-shirt within 30 minutes . 
The UV protection of the Columbia Bahama shirt is excellent and I'm good for hours of shooting without a hint of redness . 
The size of this shirt definitely runs on the large side ( loose fit ) . 
I usually wear a large and based on other reviews I ordered a medium ; I am glad I did because the medium is a PERFECT fit for me . 
The shirt is very light weight , but very durable . 
It makes packing for a long trip a breeze , because you can pack more shirts and still not have a heavy suitcase . 
The pockets on the front are deep and perfect for people that have a lot of things to carry with them . 
If you have a chubby foot . 
This shoes runs narrow I would order a size larger . 
They were nice looking . 
Tried to reorder in larger size but they are sold out . 
Poo 
My husband bought two pairs at Macy's when they were on clearance , and he was wearing out his second pair . 
They're his everyday shoes . 
I washed this once and it shrunk a little , so it fits like it should : comfortably large but not sloppy . 
A nice sweatshirt but it was too heavy and not what I needed . 
I sent it back , but if I wanted a heavier sweatshirt it would have been perfect . 
Good value for the money . 
Of course durability is the best test , but I'll update that in a year.Great fit for me ( XL ) . 
Washed up very nicely on the ' out of the bag ' initial wash . Based on a bad experience with similar sweatshirts in the past , I used the lowest dryer setting to eliminate the possibility of shrinkage . 
With imported clothing , it's really hard to know what is set and what is not.Definitely recommend this sweatshirt to anyone looking for low price and decent quality . 
He loves it ! 
My father-in-law is difficult to buy for , thinks he does not need anything . 
Size is wonderful and very little shrinkage.She wears it all the time . 
Nice sweatshirt , good weight and washed well . 
They are soft , do not fade after washing , fit as expected and are not too heavy . 
I love these sweatshirts because they are not bulky like many other brands . 
I plan to buy several more in different colors . 
I ordered three , and then honestly speaking I cancelled the order ; however it was too late . 
I also had a problem that was immediately taken care of by the seller . 
Excellent customer service . 
Thank you very much . 
Husband really like these shirts , I'll be taking over them soon ! 
Arrived as promised ... hard to find PLAIN navy when out of season ... fits well ... secure seams .. fabric seems durable ... needed for school workouts . 
I like the sweatshirt . 
Isn't quite as heavy as I would have liked , but it is a good sweatshirt . 
would buy again when time comes to reorder 
and normally wear an XL . 
One is too large and another runs small.Quality and pricing is good . I will buy more in the fall . 
my husband hasn't worn any other shirts since these came ! 
and they are tagless which is a big selling point for me . 
the sizing is true and the arm holes are roomy so no pinching in the armpits . 
I would recommend Hanes sweatshirts to anyone looking for comfort and quality workmanship . 
Not to snuggle but not huge either . 
This shirt looks good on my man I would recommend to others also the fit is perfect . 
this looks good with his vest 
I'm very please with this purchase . 
The cost was very reasonable and the quality was better than expected . 
I am crazy about hoodies and have been looking for the perfect maroon hoodie . 
I make custom T shirts and other clothing items like this locally . 
I order everything from a specific place but sometimes i will order single pieces from amazon when someone places order shortly after i already made my weekly - 2 week clothing purchase for orders . 
The price is great because my supplier would charge 10 bucks shipping on my order if it isn't over a certain amount so here i just pay 2.00 more and still have a good turn around time on my products (: which is what i strive for ! 
My customers love this brand , I personally don't like hoodies because of the tightness around neck but i wear them anyways and cut a little slit at the neckline ... i prefer sweatshirts and they have those in this brand too which is great and a variety of colors to choose from . 
Bought this shirt to make an 80 ' s costume . 
Item was as pictured . 
My husband works construction and I bought these for him to wear on the job . 
They are very light , and not really tough enough for a hard day's work.If you like a lightweight sweatshirt , then these are for you ! 
Overall the fit is very good , I am 5 ' 10 " and 220 . 
Bought it for my boyfriend and whenever I get cold he takes it off and makes me wear it . 
It's really soft instead and brand new . 
the sweater was defensibly a better quality than most and when my order was slightly problematic they gave me a refund without wanting the sweater back . 
! 
Always looking jean jacket , this struck me by how good it looked , until one day I decided to buy it . 
Just arrived and I intend to try it on , I wore it and I took it off and no more . 
Only my wife asked me to take it away to sleep that night . 
My husband loves these shirts ! 
They do , however , run a size smaller than what one normally wears . 
The shoes fit well but did not have the arch support I need ... I wore them to work and lasted about 4 hours before my feet began to burn and ache ... I contacted the seller and had no problem returning the shoes , even though I had worn them ... would recommended buying from the seller as the customer service is superb ... I bought a pair of shoes from them a couple of years ago and they were wonderful ... These did not meet my needs as I work on concrete and require better arch support ... Would recommend them for people who do not have flat feet .. 
I work and work hard on my feet sometimes up to ten hours a shift . 
These helped me get there . 
I did get a second pair but alas because of post operative swelling on my foot I've not been able to wear them . 
I hope to soon . 
THESE SHOES ARE GOOD HOWEVER THE SIZE WAS INCORRECT AND MY SISTER COULD NOT WEAR IT AT ALL . 
SIZES SHOULD HAVE BEEN CORRECTLY 
These shoes just did not hold up very well . 
I would not recommend them , and will not buy them again . 
Quack quack shoes 
I purchased these much larger than size listed by chart to avoid rips . 
They slot over the abdomen as I was putting them on very carefully this morning - could not wear them , will return . 
Very pretty but not if I cannot wear them . 
Sheer and shimmery . 
A little tight around hips and thighs but I wore them all day on Halloween . 
When I used to wear pantyhose in the 90 ' s ( HA ! ) 
I wore a size B and I'm smaller now than I was then . 
Maybe after 2 kids ... 
I ordered a Small and fits good but for anyone over 115 pounds may be too small . 
These cover everything but still look real and can wear with skirts but beware it does get a lot of people staring at your legs . 
I can see why cheer leaders and dancers wear these as they perfect the leg and give support . 
I will order more in other colors . 
They don't run , rip or snag if you handle them properly . 
I wear them in place of stockings with business clothes and they look good , feel good . 
I haven't yet danced in them , but they seem much more durable than my other pair of tights . 
I ordered a S / M when I should have ordered a M / L , but they fit quite well save the waist elastic ( which I will be adjusting ) . 
I'm hoping they fade slightly after some washes . 
I am 5 ' 9 " and weigh 145 pounds and this size fit me fine . 
They were just as expected when they arrived . 
These are nice and thick and silky so they last a long time and feel nice . 
I unfortunately got a run on mine the first time I wore them , my nails must of caught it when I put them on . 
Most excellent purchase . 
I have been looking for a long time for these exact gloves . 
The price was very good too . 
They look just like Uggs Bailey Button boots but are literally 1/4 of the price ! 
They feel like slippers . 
The one drawback is the tread . 
There's not a lot of tread on the bottom for slippery conditions so I can only wear these boots when it's not slippery . 
I'm normally a size 7 and ordered a size up based on reviews I read . 
I checked out purchasing UGG boots , but I seriously could not justify spending that kind of money while splashing around in slush ! 
You must spray these with a protector before wearing or they will be very hard to clean . 
I read these reviews before purchasing . 
When they came out of the box , I swore I felt like I was walking on little puffs of clouds . I love this so much , I've got to get another one . 
lolCON : Not good in puddles of course ! 
Oh , and my suggestion would be to avoid wearing them if it is raining too much or too hard.Other than that , they are fantastic ! 
With nice compression and stretch to the hose . 
The size chart on Amazon lead me to believe that I could pull of a small / medium , but when I received the tights , I realized that I should have gone up to the bigger size because I am 5 ' 8 " and 115 pounds . 
I am a clutz and I don't believe that I can put a run in these . 
Really nice tights . 
A perfect match with the ballet shoes & dress we also bought , they fit & feel good , a very tough product , they just don't seem to wear out she says ! ! 
! 
Ive had tights like this in the past and none cut the mustard . 
These are extremely durable , completely opaque , extremely soft and I simply love them . 
Perfect , I can not saying anything bad about the product it was exactly what I was looking for and needed . 
they remind me of my Jazz shoes that I had 25 years ago so you might say that I'm relay enjoying them 
Shoe would've been great if we ordered her regular size instead of their advice to buy larger . 
Had to be exchanged for smaller size . 
I wear these occasionally for dancing . 
I'm not really good at wearing heels . 
These are ok . 
If you are someone who can wear heels no problem then these are probably very good . 
They have good padding . 
The first one I ordered was too big , but returning it wasn't a hassel , and the second pair fit just fine . 
In my experience , you don't want to order a whole size above your regular shoe size , but maybe half a size above will fit . 
Once with the corrected shoe size the shoe seems to be well made . 
I don't have dance class now , but I will try to use them again and I think I will not have to buy another pair for a long time . I like them . 
I guess I didn't realize you're supposed to order a full size larger than your normal shoe size . 
Oops . 
Plus I don't care for the lower heel . 
Looks dowdy . 
Just not the shoe for moi . 
They're slotted . 
It would be nice if the straps were a little longer . 
Can never go wrong with Carhartt or the look of overalls and I am going to buy another pair soon . 
Did buy two so far and cut one into shorts so hey all you woman out there if you are looking for a substitute for regular ol blue jean shorts buy some and cut em they turn out cute ! 
The fabric feels good . I have trouble with the metal straps . 
They are awkward for my arthritic hands . 
I haven't made or purchased anything that will match it yet . 
according to the size chart , this item should've fit , but lo an behold it was tight and incredibly unflattering . 
sizing is totally off 
I am 5 ' 5 " tall and weigh 134 pounds . 
These were just right for me . 
I like these Hue opaque tights for summer as they are lighter weight and more feminine and the thicker tights . 
They fit true to size . 
They go so well with my skirts and slip on shoes . 
The first time I wore these they ran a little bit in the crotch area . 
I have now worn them three times and each time they've ran a little bit in a different spot on the ' control top ' portion . 
They still haven't gotten a run in the visible areas of the tights , so I'm continuing to wear them , but I am still on the look out for a sturdier product . 
The purchase came quickly and in good condition . 
I would recommend this seller to my friends . 
how hard is it to find cotton BLUE socks . 
oh my . 
Goldtone Bermuda Combed Cotton socks . 
I did not expect them to be any thicker than they are because I read the reviews that said not to expect that . 
Overall , first impressions are really good . 
Except : I am not happy that the socks are only 50 % cotton , when I was specifically looking for socks with 80 to 99 % cotton content . 
The content is 50 % cotton , 31 % acrylic , 18 % nylon , 1 % spandex . 
To me that reads half biodegradable and half not . 
While that may feel good on my feet , it's not good for our planet and all the creatures on it . 
I work hard to avoid buying plastic products . 
FYI - made in Mexico not the USA . 
You can buy socks made in the USA . 
( February 28 , 2014 ) . 
Update : I contacted Amazon and They refunded my money . 
They also said that they would check into the problem . 
I hope they do ! 
So , so far , a five-star response from Amazon . 
I will check back to see if Any changes were made . 
I have been wearing Gold Toe a long time , but these socks were not made well . 
They also shrink when washed ( and I do wash them in COLD water ) , and I need to stretch them with my hands before putting them on . 
They were also expensive for an Amazon sock product . 
A waste of money . 
I have worn gold toe white socks for decades . 
The original pairs that I bought years and years ago are finally wearing out . 
Bought these for my daughters ' uniforms . 
Good basic socks that are holding up so far . 
Don't need to spend more for daily wear . 
Sometimes have to use the hair dryer to get them completely dry . 
We will be buying more of them in the future ! 
Not thrilled with these . 
The elastic at the top is almost nonexistent so they constantly fall . 
The fabric is thinner than I expected . 
They aren't even that cheap . 
I expected more . 
I regret this purchase . 
These fit the bill , he loves them ! 
HE CHOSE THEM AND HE RARELY CHOSES ANYTHING WE BUY . 
will buy more as they disappear in laundry room . 
lol 
Fit is comfy and as expected . 
I like the varied colors , and will be purchasing more soon . 
I liked them a lot and would buy them again . 
My fault ... I did not read the detail description down the page carefully . 
I also wear then around the house in the morning and evenings with my slippers in the winter . 
good material , and they fit once I stretched them out . 
it's just strange because I have smaller feet . 
i wear a size 7 womens and these were tight on me for awhile . 
i was hoping the material would be more fuzzy and wooly for a winter style but they're kinda just plain socks 
The only bone I have to pick is with the way they are described on this site . 
I ( like another reviewer ) thought they would all be denim color . 
No matter , I can wear the white ones at home and the other colors to work on dress down day . 
I hope this company never lets up on it's quality control and never goes out of business . 
I'll be buying gold toe socks for as long as I am able to wear socks . 
These are my go-to weekend pairs , which I enjoy wearing . 
Wished these were 100 % cotton . 
These are exactly what I wanted . 
I can't say I have anything negative to say about it . 
They fit me right up to my knee and that is simply what I wanted . 
These socks are all that my husband will wear . 
They stay up and are made well . 
I own several different styles buy these fit like a glove . 
These socks are not good . 
They are shapeless and have very little cushion . 
They are like a short version of tube socks . 
They fit well and are well cushioned . 
They fit but next time I might try the larger size to allow for shrinking . 
And , these Gold Toe's fit the bill . 
I just love putting on a clean pair of crisp white sox every day . 
I just wish the heels were a little thicker as I have narrow heels and my foot slides a lot . 
Tough to find shoes that fit . 
I got these for my teen daughter . 
These shrank . 
Not the quality in gold toe socks I expected . 
I have bought them for years from JC Penney . 
Possibly a knock off or cheap imitation ? 
GOOD QUALITY , AND FITS GREAT AND KEEPS YOUR TOES WARM , SO I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM , FOR CASUAL WEAR OR HEADING TO THE GYM 
They fit well , feel soft and at the same time sturdy : they wash well and don't lose shape , they'll last a very long time . 
I wouldn't wear them in the summer , but they're perfect for cooler weather . 
I own several styles and colors of Gold toe socks . 
I will continue to buy them 
I have been wearing these socks for 20 years ! 
They are the best socks to wear around the house or out walking . 
Only a few stores sell them locally and it seems like when I check in to buy the socks there is only one pair left . 
What can I say . 
These do well when I do not want my feet to get too hot . 
they wick well , stay in place . 
don't bunch up 
These are better than the all-cotton socks I've worn for years . 
I wear them to my desk job , and also for ballroom dancing . 
I think they're well worth the price . 
I bought these exclusively to wear inside of slightly tight boots . 
Over the past year of use , I've been expecting these to break down at a couple of pressure points at the toe , heel , or along the sides of the ball of my foot , due to the difficulty I have sliding my foot into these boots . 
But this , I confess , is a common problem for any dress sock to tackel when challenged with the calves I come equipped with , so I'm only knocking them one star.The wool is sufficiently thick to give me limited insulation and cushion inside of my non-insulated leather boots , without being either overly warm nor overly thick . 
Living in my area , going into the woods requires over-the-calf boots to protect against snake bites . 
Gold Toe Windsor Wool Over the Calf sock is a blend of 50 % wool and is a thin dress sock . 
They do stay in place . 
I WEAR A SIZE 11 SHOE AND MOST SOCKS ARE TOO SMALL AND GET EATEN BY MY SHOES ... SO IRRITATING WHEN SOCKS GET WADDED UP IN THE BOTTOM OF MY SHOES ! 
DEFINATELY WORTH THE MONEY ! 
I expect two things from white socks - be thick enough to jog and stay up on my legs . 
These do neither ! 
They are paper-thin and have no elasticity right out of the pack . 
I'm just lucky I didn't waste more money by buying more socks ... 
Ordered the wrong sock style . 
My son will only wear soft socks and I meant to order the crews , so had to send these back and order the right style , that is the only reason for the low rating . 
These have a plain thickness sole and do not change the fit of most shoes . 
They may not be the quality of the old Gold Toes , but I like them and recommend them . 
I was very disappointed with this purchase . 
Given the poor quality , I would have expected twice the quantity for what I paid . 
I would not buy again . 
I have been wearing gold toe for over 40 yrs ; the fluffy series is what I wear and they last for many years - well satisfied 
Husband needs a long sock to wear in fire station duty boots and well as in bunker boots . 
This sock is purposeful for both . 
The longer / large size makes them last longer , as after 30 washings , they do indeed shrink . 
Well , yes I am.You shouldn't have to think about socks much . 
Instead of not thinking about your feet at all.These are my perfect socks for winter wear and for walking shoes . 
It's hard to find knee high socks in a heavier weight with nice padding in the foot . 
I can't stand crew socks . 
My socks are either low-cuts or knee highs . I'm a tallish woman with about average sized feet , and these socks fit . 
I've about worn out 6 pair of whatever the prior edition of these socks were , and was glad to find these here at Amazon to replenish my sock drawer . 
Gold Toe is a quality brand.Note : the socks are just a bit large / roomy on my feet , but not enough to be a problem . 
With some shoes , I have to be careful not to let fabric get bunched up when slipping the shoe on . 
But mostly I just put the socks on , and then my shoes , with no fuss . 
These socks provide lots of cushion , and the upper elastic portion stays up on your leg without being too tight . 
I've washed them a few times , and they seem to be holding up quite well . 
Why mess with something when it works for you . 
I really like these socks . 
These and the Under Armor socks are the only ones i could find that are " seamless " in this regard . 
While there is a line where the toe seam is , it's not a bump that can cause blisters like most socks . 
These are exactly what I was looking for . 
My boyfriend wanted a pair of socks he could wear to work , but aren't as thin as dress socks . 
They LOOK like dress socks , but absorb like sweat socks . 
:) 
Haven't washed them yet , but they fit very well straight out of the package . 
They seem sturdy and have the little bit of thickness I like - especially in the winter . 
I wish the size was more in the 9 range . 
It's a little large , like most socks , but a better sock ( in my opinion than Hanes ) Will purchase again when necessary . 
If this is your size range , buy these . 
The 6 - pack is an excellent value with Amazon Prime free shipping . 
These are my favorites because the gold toe makes them easiest to match together , and they are softer and last longer than other brands I've tried . 
I think Gold Toe will be all I'll buy going forward . 
I have been wearing these socks for years . 
They are long lasting and now you can also get them in black which I also ordered . 
Yep , I'll buy more of these when needed . 
I wear a size 10 1/2 shoe , and these fit great . 
Cheaper brands wear out at the heel in a very short time . 
I had a 6 - pack of these socks before ( but couldn't remember where I got them ) and I wore them completely out over the years . 
When I started looking for them again I turned to Amazon ( where you can get everything but a haircut ) . 
I hope this 6 - pack lasts as long as my previous one . 
The only kind he'll wear . 
They fit well and really hold their shape . 
Would recommend they were a good price . 
good quality and quck ship . 
These socks are very comfortable to wear and they fit snugly to my feet and lower legs . I'm glad I bought them . 
My teenage son has big feet & is picky about socks.He LOVES these because they are medium thickness & soft like sports socks.There is enough cotton to be soft & enough elastic to remain stretchy . I wash in hot water on heavy & these socks are holding up perfectly ! My son said he will ONLY wear these from now on . 
actually , these were for my son , and I gave him some last year , and he liked them so well that he asked for the same kind this year . 
Said they were really good . 
I wear them daily . 
So I ordered a dozen and made the perfect replacement . 
I purchased these for my father . 
He is also impressed with the fact that the tops of his socks stay in place . 
These socks are extremely well-made . 
They really stay up and have excellent reinforcement of the toes . 
They are perfect I will wear them all year round . 
I've bought Gold Toe socks for many years and continue to do so . 
They last a long time . 
so I wear a size 10.5 shoe and have what I think is a normal calf sizebut at the end of a work day I have crush marks on my leg where they are too tightthese seem to be small , at least when newI hope after multiple washing / drying they stretch out 
I love the fit and feel of these socks but they very quickly fade from washing . 
They're a bit too expensive to fade after just a handful of washes so I can only give three stars . 
These are quite comfortable socks , and they fit much better than other socks I've purchased . 
I wear a size 13 shoe , and many socks are sized 6-12 . 
Very roomy in the foot , and not too tight around the ankle or calve . 
Have only washed once , but they came out of the dryer looking and fitting just as well . 
Finally I have found socks that fit my son's feet . 
My son wears a size 14 in shoes and since he runs track , he also has big calves . 
What a joy to know they fit and I know where to purchase them . 
I would recommend these shoes to family and friends . 
Going forward , I'll be looking first for Gold Toe socks to wear with sneakers or casual footwear . 
The fit in the foot area is ample . 
However , the fit in the calf area is too tight . 
They even look like they were made for men with skinny legs . 
I usually only wear white socks . 
Like all of the time . 
But a little while ago my wife busted my chops because I was wearing black pants , shirt , shoes and all , but I was wearing white socks . 
:-) 
Big and tall size fits good . 
As I've grown older , the socks available at most places have grown thinner ( and don't tell me it's my weight , or because I've grown bigger ! ) . 
So I tried these based on descriptions and reviews here.Amazon always comes through for me ! 
The Reviewers do a good job steering you correctly , if you use a bit of caution and common-sense . 
What I like about these socks as the high level of comfort . 
No rubbing or chaffing . 
These socks are my favorites . 
I live in Michigan's Upper Peninsula and recently wore them outside in tennis shoes to shovel snow for a couple hours in low teen temperatures and my feet didn't get cold . 
I will order again . 
I bought the extended size ( 12-16 ) of these socks , and they are a little tight on my foot . 
I haven't even washed them yet ... so I expect it to get worse . 
At least they don't slide down into my shoe . 
My husband only wears Gold Toe socks . 
They wear extremely well , lasting a long time . 
I have 14.5 size shoes and can not often find quality sox that fit . 
These are the exact socks I wanted . I hate the socks that are really long , but can't stand the ones that fall into your shoes . 
These are perfect . 
For the price I paid I expected a decent quality product . 
What I got is comparable to socks you can buy at the local flea market at $ 5 for a dozen pair . 
These ' Big and Tall ' Quarter socks designed to fit people who wear shoes size 12-13 just fit my size 13 foot . 
Putting them on I can see then pulling thin at every seam already . 
At one point I could actually see my flesh between the threads at the toe seam and in the heel cup . 
I have little hope of these lasting very long but since I don't often wear shoes / sneakers and socks I'm just going to keep them and switch to a different brand when these eventually apparently quite rapidly fall apart . 
{ Update } Wore and washed these socks . 
2nd time I went to wear a pair one of the socks completely fell apart at the ribbed shaft . 
I know I said I expected them to fall apart but I thought I'd get more than one use out of each sock . 
The only bright side is Amazon's amazing customer service who have already issued a refund for the cost of the socks less than 12 hours after I contacted them.Avoid these socks . 
Will buy again . 
I didn't think it would be so hard to find a good pair of white sock but after I purchased some one of our local stores and felt the low quality I searched and found these . 
I've been wearing these for decades it seems , no complaints and I'll continue getting them in either black or white . 
I will buy nothing other than these from now on 
good sock , what can I say . 
Only thing slightly negative would be that its thin material , BUT i use them in the summer time and thin material is cooler ! 
But its a good sock AND for people with bigger feet ! 
I needed something that would be at least shoe size 13 and fit a little loose and these do . 
My husband loves these socks and says you can definitely tell the difference between these socks and cheaper socks . 
I will be purchasing these kind from ow on 
Put them on , put your socks over them , put on your shoes , walk five minutes , take off your shoes , take off your socks , re-install these useless tubes , put your socks back on , put your shoes back on . 
Repeat until you throw the sock liners away and get some good silk ones . 
What can I say , they do the job they were intended to do and I would recommend . 
I do not feel the need to write much about socks . 
They fit . 
I wear them often . 
End of story . 
I have size 14/15 feet , and bought these socks for when I'm wearing athletic shoes with shorts ( very stylish , right ? ) . 
The problem is , after walking around for a few hours , they start to feel like they're slipping off of my foot and down into my shoe . 
They're comfortable and seem to be of decent quality , except the fit . 
I would not order them again . 
It does not clean much off after spraying the shoe with cleaner or using the eraser . 
ORDERED A SIZE 12 THE SIZE I ALWAYS WERE FIT GREAT IF YOU TAKE CARE OF THEM BUY THE KIT THEY RECOMMEND FOR THEM VERY LITE WEIGHT AND WORTH THE MONEY YOU WILL SPEND . 
JOHN I WOULD RECOMMEND THEM IT , S BEEN A VERY COLD WINTER IN MICHIGAN COULD NOT BE HAPPYER WITH THE AUSTRALIA UGG , S . 
JOHN 
This is good for supporting after birth or for long periods standing.Not flex able for sitting yet is just the support needed after surgery such as c-section . A good purchase but is a little bulky and stiff . 
Possibly will soften w / use.Overall better than what I have seen in local stores . 
This works well except if you have a few more inches in the waist . 
it pushes up your back fat ( uh , yes , I now have post pregnancy back fat ) and leaves unsightly bulges under you clothes . 
You can also see it clearly under your clothes unless you wear bulky loose fitting tops . 
This is stiff and did not fit . 
I couldn't wear it at all , which was frustrating having just got home from the hospital and needing support . 
these pants are not only good fitting for the boys but also a very high quality for the small price you pay 
I wear them around the house and they've held up great . 
Very stiff . 
I'll try washing them with fabric softener , but I think they're just a waste of money . 
They pinch all the way around even though they're a little big . 
I tried adjusting the string , but no luck . 
Wouldn't buy again , and wouldn't recommend . 
Since these were going to be a one-time use item , we did not want to spend very much but wanted them to be pretty . 
These were prefect . 
My daughter wears a size 8 so we bought an 8.5 . 
Should have bought a size 9 or 9.5 . 
She loves putting them on and wants to wear them all the time . 
They must not be too tight and hurt . 
Would recommend them as they fit as expected . 
Not much to say hearer . 
Well-made slipper . 
These are classic pink ballet shoes . 
My daughter wears a 10 in street shoes brands like Stride Rite and these fit great in a 10 . 
In reading the reviews it appears that people buying smaller sizes ( 7,8 ) experienced the sizing issues but others with slightly older girls ( 4 and 5 year olds with bigger feet ! ) 
My 3 1/2 year old daughter grew out of her size 9.5 Bloch Bunnyhop slippers . 
The laces are ridiculously long , so they come untied a lot . 
I guess it's good to have room to grow . 
We have a smaller size of these shoes in pink . 
We ordered a half size up as suggested for these and they are perfect ( my daughter wears a 9 in regular shoes , we got a 9.5 in these ) . 
If these wear as well as her pink ones did , they will be perfect ! 
We are absolutely sold on the capezio shoes . 
They tend to run a little big . 
I was worried I would get the wrong size , but it fits just as expected . 
Listen to the description about getting a half size bigger ( Or whatever it said , I can't remember ) . 
Just follow the sizing instructions and you wont ' go wrong . 
They fit just right , what I love most is that they come with the elastic already sewn on . 
Years ago , the elastic came separately and you have to sew it on , such a hassle , now no more hassle , and the shoes are made better too . 
I ordered them for my two year old and could not come close to getting them on her . 
I recommend ordering at least 3 sizes bigger than what you would normally wear . 
They were soft and pliable . 
Good quality leather ballet shoe . I ordered up from street shoe size ( in my girls case 1 and a half sizes up ) and then they fit without toe squeeze , which is nice for little ones.As they grow a bit the shoe gets more snug on the foot ( as ballet shoes are supposed to be ) but they remain comfortable for a long while due to the leather being s soft . 
This way I've found my girls get a full year of use out of them.Note : There is no left foot and right foot in ballet shoes - you just alternate weekly so they keep the rounded toe shape . 
After reading the reviews , I purchased the shoes 2 sizes up , and they just baty fit . 
I am hoping she breaks them in as she wears them . 
My daughter is 3.5 and wears a 7-8 shoe depending on the brand ( usually a 7 ) . 
I bought the 9N Toddler . 
They really are adorable , though , and if she grows out of them , I'll just buy the next size up , sonde I now have a feel for the sizes . 
My daughter is between a size 10-11 . 
She has some shoes both sizes . 
I ordered up based on some other reviews . 
The size 11 was quite a bit too bit and much too wide . 
Second time around I went 10.5 Narrow . 
They fit great , snug with a little room to grow . 
In a perfect world , the original size would have worked . 
But , it's hard to buy shoes / clothes online and expect a perfect fit . 
I ordered a 7.5 which is what my daughter wears . 
I returned them and got the 8 . 
She hasn't started dance class yet , I hope they fit well enough that she doesn't fall down 
I ordered a 2M for my 8 year old who is wearing a 1 in regular shoes . 
She has a narrow foot , so I am going to exchange for a 2N and hope that fits . 
They feel nice and seem to be good quality . 
The shoes are great , but the ties are super annoying and don't stay tied . 
I'm not even sure why they are on there except for decoration , in which case , why make them out of elastic that refuses to stay tied ? 
My experience with sizing is that they run a little big and a little wide . 
I'm ordering a 11.5 M now and hope that does the trick ! 
They SHOULD be tight , and after one day of wear these stretched to my footbeautifully . 
I ordered my true size . 
I like split soles so this works for me . 
Semper Fi ! 
I AM 5 FT 7 IN AND A LITTLE LARGER THAN AVERAGE IN THE SHOULDERS AND CHEST . 
NO ONE MAKES A DRESS SHIRT THAT WILL FIT . 
NECK 17 ARMS NO LONGER THAN 32 , BUT WHO CARES ? 
Could easily become one of my favorite fall lounge-around shirts . 
. 
. 
. 
and it's cotton . 
My boyfriend loves these shirts for working in the shop , which is what I ordered them for . 
He prefers long sleeves to keep his arms clean and free of liquids ( mechanic ) and oil , etc . 
Winter just got a little warmer . 
They are nice , medium weight Ts . 
They are 100 % cotton so a little big is good , they will shrink eventually . 
The only drawback to such nice , bright colors is that they run A LOT at the beginning so they have to be washed only with like colors . 
These are perfect for sparring , running and doing all kinds of exercise . 
My boyfriend works at a garage / gas station where it can be cold and damp half the year . 
This jacket protects from the elements , including the rain ( though it is rain proof on the inside so it can get very heavy ! ) 
And it holds up to everything he puts it through , very very durable.He is also rather tall but not at all overweight so it is often difficult to find clothing that is long enough but not too baggy . 
This jacket when ordered in tall sizes was perfect . 
I have been wearing these for 3 years and have ordered and bought more locally every year they look good wear good feel grate 
Loaded with pockets and I like pockets for all my junk . 
It even has a perfect cell phone pocket . 
Excelent product . 
I recommend to latin people buy one smaller size . 
easy and confortable to wear . 
Colors are awesome ; they go well with a number of color coded jeans and dress pants . 
Enough pockets to store items . 
I like these shirts . 
I wish they were wrinkle free but if you put them in the dryer on a medium heat for about 5 minutes it will take most out . 
Word of warning however , these run large in my opinion . 
I really think I could have used a medium whereas I wear mainly large in most shirts.So it you want a lightweight and UV protection shirt in great bright colors then this would be a great pick for you . 
These also wear well tucked in if you wish . 
Forgot to mention the collars are velcro so you don't have that small hard to manipulate button like most shirts that have button down collars.Great buy and price ! 
Fit is a little loose-but who wants a tight shirt when the weather is hot ? 
I wear it to do yard work and on bicycle rides . 
Not a dress shirt . 
I take a medium normally , but I had to exchange the medium for a small to get the right fit 
I'm glad I went to a local cap shop to check sizes before I bought . 
I SHOULD HAVE RETURNED THIS HAT DOSE NOT LIVE UP TO THE UNDER ARMORE QUALITY I EXPECTED I ENDED UP BUYING A DIFFERNT BRAND THAT IS MUCH WARMER FOR HALF THE PRICE . 
JOHN 
I read a lot of reviews on these before I purchased them and it's true when they say to go a size up . 
I usually wear a size 8 in a tennis shoe so I decided to buy a size 9 and I'm glad I did . 
It gave me a little wiggle room for my toes . 
I did find the top part sort of tight . 
I had to really loosen it before I could get them on . 
Now that I have the laces where I want them I just undo and redo the buckles to get them on and off . 
The more you wear them the easier this becomes . 
They may seem sort of stiff when you first get them , but I've worn them four or five times now for a few hours each time and they're becoming easier and easier to put on . 
These boots were originally designed for women with small calves so if you have larger calves you will have to adjust them to get them where you need them to be . 
All in all I really love these boots and can't wait to wear them this Halloween . 
& remember the more you wear them the better they will start fitting . 
I am really glad I purchased these boots . 
No kidding on the title . 
These Kangol hats are the type of hat that if you get used to wearing , you will feel naked without . 
The main thing to know is I bought this 504 in a XXL because I wear a 7 3/4 baseball cap , but it's a bit big on me . 
I bought the XL in the 507 and it fit much better . I liked the 507 a little better overall , but I'm still going to get a couple of these 504s too , in XL size . 
The quality is nice , the material feels durable and they really do go with nearly any outfit . 
It also takes away the frustration of trying to buy a baseball cap these days , not knowing whether to order a flat brim and trying to bend it or going with a low crown , pre-bent . 
I also think I've found the perfect gifts for my bald uncles and grandpa . 
Seems sturdy enough and the finish is nice too . 
I needed a darker finish chain and this one fit the bill to a T . 
This is a well made and strong , intentionally tarnished sterling silver chain . 
I ordered 18 " but wouldn't hesitate to order it in the longer lengths . 
They are cute and comfy . 
Yes a little hard rubber , but what do you expect . 
I have a bunion on left foot so they are a little sore if I wear all day . 
I had bought them a long time ago in size 5 and this time I bought size 6 and they fit exactly the same . 
Construction quality on these is sub-par . 
For a few more bucks there are better thermals out there , but I suppose if you are looking for quantity over quality these are an okay choice . 
Long underwear , not much to say . 
It is what it is . 
They do run quite small so my suggestion is to buy 2 sizes up ! 
! 
Unfortunately that isn't the case ... Normally I wear a medium Hanes-type t-shirt under my dress shirts or a large t-shirt if its to be worn alone for sports activities or bumming around . 
I frequently travel to hot , muggy parts of Asia and hoped these would be a great alternative to bulky cotton t-shirts to wear under my suits . 
Unfortunately in a medium size they are too loose - the neck looks rumpled ( even after light ironing ) and they just don't have a good enough appearance peeking up through the open neck of a dress shirt . 
At $ 30 each I hoped to then repurpose them as stand-alone t-shirts for working out or wearing as a casual throw-on during off-times . 
Yeck.So now I have $ 60 worth of useless t-shirts . 
Worthy of the ExOfficio name . 
Washed easily in the sink and dried easily overnight . 
I typically will wear large in a t-shirt ( the review says Hazel , but I'm the husband ) , but wear medium in undershirts . 
I'll be purchasing more . 
If you don't have any , go buy some . 
You'll never go back . I bought this shirt because it was made from the same stuff as the underwear . 
The shirt is comfortable , but it looks like you're wearing a mesh shirt . 
I guess I thought it would be a little different . 
I got these for dapper day at Disneyland . 
Stay snapped thus holding up the pants and are or looks like good quality also . 
Ordered another pair as back up 
The metal clip ons inevitably spring loose and they take a bit to put on . 
If one has to sit down on the toilet , one spends a bit of time getting your pants back on and suspendered properly . 
The belt on never springs loose and can be put on easily with pants on which makes the bathroom issue disappear . 
My one complaint is they only sell the navy blue here on Amazon . 
As much a I love BH this belt let me down . 
Didn't stay at the tension I out it on at and I'd have to re adjust too . 
Simple straight forward tension belt no velcro at all . 
The material is simple ballistic nylon weave belt . 
The width of the belt is my only problem it really could be about a 1/4 " less to make it more comfortable and fit better in belt loops like jeans etc . 
This barely fits into my jeans due to the width of the belt . 
i like it so much they are lightweight and well made and very comfortable to wear day in and day out 
Too many of the riggers belts now have huge ends on both sides ... if you don't want to re-string the thing every time you wear a pant with less than 2 " belt loops ... then you need something with " just a belt " on one end - like this.Simple , classic mechanism that works fine . 
The material is breathable , and they seem to hold up well in training venues . 
The first one I got stopped ticking they immediately sent me a replacement . 
Good watch ! 
I love that it has the military time since I haven't quite gotten that down yet.The band is a little stiff at first but softens up quickly . 
I like that it doesn't have a bunch of grooves or material that can harvest bacteria.The only down side ( for me ) is how loud it is . 
! 
Beats Fruit of the Loom . 
A bit more expensive , but work it . 
Well made by Calvin Klein - - and these are my last words . 
I do not know what is special about these briefs . 
I have tried both of them , and here are my comparisons . 
You can get a Hanes Men's Classics 7 Pack Full-Cut Brief for the same price as these 3 - pair Calvin Klein briefs . 
These Calvin Kleins are more thick and feel a little more " heavy " compared to the Hanes , which are thin and feel a litter lighter compared to CK . 
These Calvin Kleins are NOT tagless . 
You would expect a big and someone what " expensive " brand like CK to make the switch to tagless , but so far they haven't . 
I do not know if that is a plus or minus for you , but for me , I would like them to match . 
I always wear Calvin Klein briefs but usually the low cut ones I ordered these basic briefs by mistake and didn't know it till it was too late but there ok I just like them a little lower there still awesome briefs 
These are the only underwear I wear . 
Shirts run long ( they are a little big , same sizing as nautica shirts ) , quality is ok considering you are getting 3 shirts . 
Calvin Klein never lets me down . 
If you have a square body like sponge bob square pants , this is your T shirt , it will fit you like a glove , if like everyone else on earth you have a rectangular torso AVOID this T shirt ! 
It is a joke how badly these are shaped , and cheaply made , an absolute joke ! 
I bought these as undershirts to wear under a dress shirt and tucked into dress pants or khakis.After a couple washes these shrunk in length and now I have the annoying problem of the shirt becoming untucked or wrinkled up at my belt line.If you are looking for a casual v-neck to wear untucked with jeans or whathaveyou , these might do the trick . 
As an undershirt , I will stick with the the Dockers V-necks . 
I've tried these on a few times before buying them . 
I must have tried different standard white v-necks as one medium seems to fit a lot tighter ( which is desired for an undershirt ) than others . 
I bought another two sets from Marshalls and they appeared to be the exact same product but fit a lot looser . 
Soft and they are longer which helps them stay tucked in . 
I like these better than fruit of the loom or hanes . 
I just hate when the undershirt gets un-tucked and your dress shit does not . 
Then I get this weird bulge around my waste . 
These are the best undershirts I've tried tho . 
These t-shirts are nice enough to wear as shirts with shorts for hot weather . 
Nice fabric , very fresh , however does seems to run a little big . 
I order a medium being a 6ft guy however next time ( there will be a next time ) i'm buying them small 
It is too large to wear  I will wear it when I sleep  I buy it for it named CK , whatever , ... 
These shirts are luxuriously soft . 
They are much softer than the Hanes shirts I bought recently . 
I will buy only these from now on . 
I looked high and low to find THE perfect tank for my husband . 
He absolutely loves these and says they are so soft . 
They are nice and long . 
We just bought another pack of these . 
My husband is 6 ' tall and weighs about 290 pounds and we ordered the x-large . 
Hope that helps ! 
The first pack of these I bought long ago , and they've lasted me for three years . 
I do wish they made these in XLT , as with a long torso and some belly they aren't quite long enough to be tucked into lower rise jeans . 
I am 6 ' 2 " and 195 . 
I wear a 42 long and have a 34-36 waist . 
( depends on the brand . ) 
I ordered the Medium size and they fit perfect . 
If you are close to my size , order the Medium . 
I bought this for my husband . 
He is medium built , 5 ' 8 " . 
The jacket is light weight . 
I actually replaced a female Columbia jacket with this as my mom didn't like the sculpted fit of the female version . 
I wear it everyday and its still looking great . 
Being somewhat well endowed ( 36D ) , I have never had a strapless bra that was anywhere near comfortable and provided the support I needed to be comfortable going strapless . 
This bra is void of all padding , which is exactly what I was looking for since being 32D I don't need any help with looking bigger . 
But for women who need the extra help , this bra will be a disappointment , as it actually makes your bust line look smaller ( not flat ) . 
No drooping or sagging . 
So far so good and recommended for bigger busted gals who are looking for support without the extra bulk . 
Very nice bra but the only problem is I ordered it at least a size too small .. 
I usually wear a 36C but this one was not even close Fitting me ! 
So I would just say if you want to try this bra order it in one or two sizes larger . 
Who would have thought we'd need ear muffs in Florida this year at times ? ! ? 
Glad I ordered them . 
I purchased this visor to replace one I thought I had lost . 
Fortunately I found it ! 
My original visor is about 2 inches longer at the bill and black underneath . 
This one is for kids ! ! 
! 
I've ordered these visors in years past and have used them for years . 
i liek this hat alot its cute and is just as the pic shows , i usually wear it when i have a bad hair day but i had a look thats why i originally bought it 
Thanks 
Completely Satisfied with the Red Beret . 
Bought to wear Today ( Valentines Day ) . Bought to wear with red gloves too . 
Packaged well Good Quality Material Used.Fits Ok also . 
With the horrible winter we just had , I am so glad I bought this hat . 
This is a really nice chain . 
It is exactly what I was hoping for . 
Exactly as described . 
I sent it back and got a refund . 
I ordered this as a chain for a pendant for my niece's birthday , but it arrived too late so I'm just keeping it in stock . 
It fits great for a 10 year old . 
However , the padding could be a bit thicker . 
Overall , a good purchase ... 
I say natural because I can't imagine that implants weigh as much as mine , if they did NO ONE would get them ! This is one of the few bras that can keep big breasts contained . I just had this silly thought using the word ' contained ' , as if they were wild animals trying to escape , but honestly , if you are well endowed and looking for a sport bra , I bet you DO feel that way sometimes ! 
Based on reviews , I went up in the band size for comfort , but the smaller band size actually would have been better . 
As you probably know , most women overestimate band size , leading to ill-fitting bras . 
Even knowing that , I'm guilty.Lastly , this bra is a good value . 
Considering that a supportive albeit prettier bra exists , such as a Prima Donna bra ( which I LOVE ) , or Le Mystere , this is a fraction of the cost.Hope this review helps , I highly recommend this for well endowed women . 
I don't know how this product is a 40in band . 
I couldn't even get it on . 
Returned , the band sizing runs very small , so size up ? 
These thinks are awesome . 
Throw them on when you don't know what the heck you are going to end up doing . 
Looks like you don't have time for a bunch of dang buttons . 
Also , when girls take them from you , you can just order another one . 
Bought this for my step son and he really likes it very much so I would recommend it ... It Works great ! 
! 
I bought this to replaced my cheap plastic one with a quality one . 
I don't know why I never bought this before . 
They go with me on cruises , tours and around the house . 
There is nothing that makes feel sexier than wearing a crotchless panty under your clothes . 
( Review of Jezebel Crotchless Panty ) 
Everyone has a different body type but I ordered mine fit to size and they fit I read some of the comments about theirs being too big They were a little loose but not really I would order your normal size These are cute and comfortable ! 
Unlike other ruffled ankle socks , the lace stays crisp and the nylon sock does not stretch out of shape and fall down . 
After a lot of pulling and tugging and stretching , I got these tights to go on comfortably . 
I'm 5 ' 5 " and 140 lbs , and they barely fit me at first , beware if you are a larger lady ! 
Perfect for using for hiking or Vacation . 
Purchased this for summer camp for my daughter - very good buy and it has held up well . 
So , I looked too long for mesh bags . 
It barely holds two big pool towels and some bathing suits . 
Don't be fooled by what you read . 
The bag straps could easily rip off if you keep stuffing this simple bag with too much . 
This bag is great for parent / kid suit , two pairs of flip flops , two peshtemals ( not bulky towels ) , and two cover ups . 
Perfect for YMCA swim trips . 
The title pretty much covers the whole review .. 
I purchased it for $ 5 at Christmastime . 
It is very sturdy , washes well , held up even for summer ! 
I got these because I wanted something cute but with foot support . 
Good foot support and nice traction for on floors . 
Love wearing them around the house and they are fun enough to wear outside if I wanted . 
Would buy again . 
I ordered a size 8 and it was a little big . 
Can't wait to get my new ring ... hope it looks the same . 
Just junk.Don ' t waste your money . 
It looks great on my girl whether tied at the waist , or above the breasts . 
If you want to wear it around your neck ... get a cover-up dress , not a Sarong or wrap . 
I purchased this sarong for a trip to Maui and wore it everyday as a cover up for going to the beach / pool . 
It looked great and dried quickly . 
This sarong is very pretty . 
The size is great which allows many ways to wear it . 
Love how you can make this a skirt or a dress / cover up ! 
I'm not sure what else I can say about this . 
You can almost never go wrong with a sarong . 
This sarong is such a pretty color ! I am actually using is as a Summer Weight blanket for my little dog but I am jealous because it's so pretty ... I think I'll have to buy another one for myself ! 
;P 
I like the color and it is great for wearing when you are just hanging out in the house . 
I am 5 ' 10.5 " 175 # . 
The XL worked best for my liking but the one size fit too . 
I really like this robe . 
It seems to be well made and sturdy in the washing machine . 
I've snagged mine a lot but that's to be expected with the terry loop . 
I am 5 ' 7 and weigh approximately 140 pounds . 
This robe JUST fits me . 
I consider myself to be of average build for a woman so the OSFM sizing is a little off . 
This would not be a good robe for a man . 
I personally thought the cotton would be softer , but will wash it a few times and see how it feels . 
If your looking for a good heavy robe , this should fit the bill . 
This robe is even better ! 
I purchased L / XL , it is big , but that's what I wanted . 
Wow ! 
This a great buy ! 
I own lots of expesive divers including Breitling and Rolex . 
I purchased this one for my job as a daily beater , I'm a commercial diver and I have had this watch to 255ft with no problems ! 
unless you have a timer you will never notice a plus or minus 10 seconds a day ! 
And in my job accuracy is youre life ! 
I hate desk divers ! ! ! 
There is only one real negative with this watch , the rubber strap is pure s * * * ! 
I have seen better straps on wal mart specials ! 
the buckle is pure garbage it broke the first time i cranked it down over a wet suit ! 
This watch does not have hacking seconds or hand winding but again , , you dont need them ! 
! 
The bracelet that came with mine has an alignment problem that skews the clasp enough to make it catch . 
So the hinge isn't functioning very smoothly . 
With time , I suspect it will be better . 
Bracelet is comfy but due to the weight of the watch , I had to make it tight on my wrist to prevent the watch from travelling up and down with every arm motion . 
I might get a better replacement bracelet later . 
I've already seen a nicer one on amazon . 
At least for me . 
I tend to flip watches with regularity and I'm really glad I have hung on to this one . 
I ordered it via Amazon when I was at Fort Huachuca , AZ for Army training and I wore it in Iraq for a 12 - month tour . 
But in both cases , my understanding is that the watch is assembled in Japan using the same movement . 
So the precise origin of the movement's construction may not be a big deal . 
Anyway , mine keeps great time , given its cost . 
I've worn mine all day for many days now and its accuracy is about + 5 to 7 seconds per 24 hours . 
I think that's pretty good . 
It is a stunner . 
My wife bought me this watch two Christmases ago . 
Accurate in keeping time , great looks , has been mistaken for those VERY high end " Aviator's " Chronograph's , Get compliments on it each time I wear it , which pleases my darling wife to no end ! 
To those gentlemen who are lucky enough to receive this time piece from their " Better Half " , you're in for a real treat , So guys : Do the right thing by them ... follow ? 
:) 
good watch 
( Anything over 44 mm is too big--I'm not a large guy . 
I swim and snorkel ( but don't scuba dive ) , and prefer a 200m watch for these activities.The 8926 is a great combination of a timepiece suitable for outdoor activities as well as business or dress wear . 
The Rolex-clone appearance lends itself for wearing at work or with a suit . 
The bezel is virtually impossible to turn . 
I don't really care about this , since I don't dive , but I need one of those can grippers or latex gloves to move the thing . 
You need pretty long fingernails to flip the thing up . 
Maybe a little WD40 spray will alleviate this.Timekeeping is average for an automatic movement watch . 
Since I own quite a few watches , and this requires winding daily , it can be a bit of a hassle to reset it , but that's what you get with an automatic.All in all , great watch for the price . 
You have to handle it to appreciate how solid and ' quality ' it feels on your wrist.Tip : the bezel here is not the exact Rolex copy ; this bezel is scalloped , like an Omega . 
So if you want a near-perfect Rolex copy , go to that listing instead.Important note : Invicta has an online reputation for QC problems , hit or miss reliability , and lots of exasperated reviewers online complaining about quality problems , broken brand new watches , and poor / nonexistent warranty responses . I've not had any problems myself , but obviously a lot of other people clearly have had problems.There ' s a lot of threads on Invicta quality and QC issues on the various online watch forums ( both pro and con , and a lot of threads on the Invicta 8926 specifically ) . 
A whole cottage industry has grown up around reproducing that 1964 watch strap , and it looks good.Prices on all watches fluctuate wildly from Amazon vendors . 
I see these online for $ 75 - $ 85 shipped . 
No need to overpay . 
Unfortunately my girlfriend did not like the watch but I thought it was really nice and APPEARED to be a good quality watch . 
not a good watch because it took water inside the watch during hands washing . 
The watch was great for months until the pieces that held the band gave away so I bought new ones other than that is great for that price 
Invicta watches are very nice looking . 
You would expect to pay over 500 dollars for a watch of this caliber . 
I bought this watch for myself and it is sooo beautiful in my wrist ! 
Another beauty from Invicta ! ! ! 
! 
The watch is heavy but looks great . 
I would re-order . 
It's ok for me cause I have a very thin wrist , but will you will not be satisfied if you are an average sized wrist guy . 
It was not bad from 6 to 9 and hardly at all from 9 to 12 . 
Then , after a few days , it got worse all around and was not the same each pass . 
In fact , the second hand started to skip , and in some cases fall back a little . 
it was VERY choppy and does not " sweep " but " clicks " Unfortunately the clicking was so bad I could not keep . 
I would have expected more , but from now on will get better quality , and thus have to pay more . 
In o way did this compare to my Citizen and would not buy another Invicta . 
This watch looked great , and could have been great , but you will find other choices . 
As followsInclude a Copy of your purchase invoice with the date on it if you have it.Include a money order issued to Invicta Service Center for the amount of $ 28.00 ( for S ) . 
For international shipping charges may vary and money needs to be converted into U . S . dollars.Include a note describing the malfunction , as well as an email address for swifter response times.Include a return address , daytime telephone number and e-mail address.Be sure to insure the watch with the shipper.If your watch is not cover under INVICTA warranty , you will be charged for the repair cost.We warrant each repair for one year . 
The warranty applies to that repair only.Prices do not include sales tax.Please DO NOT include your Gift Box when sending in your watch for service . 
It will not be returned.Failure to make prior payment arrangements ( money order , check or credit card ) will result in a return of an unrepaired watch.Be advised it may take up to 90 days to receive a watch back from repairSend your watch to : Invicta Service Center 1 Invicta Way ( 3069 Taft St . ) Hollywood Florida , 33021U.S.A.Good Luck ! ! 
! 
I wore this for one day and immediately ordered another one . 
Good support without smashing . 
It has under wires , but they are on top of the bra , not next to your skin . 
It keeps them separated without digging into your ribs and controls side boobs . 
I was worried about the non-adjustable straps , but they are perfect and don't slip and loosen like the adjustable ones . 
The straps are a bit bigger than I like but it keeps things in place . 
Low cut shirts are in question but t shirts and sweaters work just fine . 
So comfy that I sleep in mine . 
This one seems to feel even better after wearing and washing a few times . 
It works well , doesn't completely minimize movement , but it is comfortable to wear . 
This is the weirdest fitting bra I've ever tried on . 
I will be returning it . 
So awkward . 
It's inexpensive , but its supportive , comfy and wicks away / absorbs moisture like nothing ! 
I do some pretty intense workouts and by the time I get home I'm practically dry . 
I have to agree with another reviewer who said to size up . 
Not only the cup size , the whole thing . 
I realize a sports bra is tighter than other bras , but I can barely breathe with this . 
SO bummed out that these straps aren't adjustable , which means after a few uses and then washers , the straps will become even looser and offer no support at all . 
As it is , they are waaaayyy too big / loose , and I bought the bra size I normally do for sports bras . 
I returned it . 
I read the other reviews about the pointy cups and I don't have that problem . 
I ordered the same size as my regular bra and it seems to fit just fine and is supportive . 
I didn't realize I couldn't adjust the straps , that's my fault . 
I'm a DD but my breast are kind of high ( not dropping just yet ) so it feels like I don't have a bra on , and not in a good way . 
I bought a 36DD and I don't feel like I have any support , there is no way I could do any type of " sport " in this bra . 
I'm giving 3 stars only because it may have worked if I had ordered a smaller cup size ... But that's not my fault . 
I wear a 34D and , as the ones I had were wearing out , I purchased a 34D . 
I could just BARELY hook it . 
I should have sent it back but I didn't , I just ordered a 36D . 
Not TOO tight I decided , as a little more tightness gives some extra lift and support and after wearing and washing the elastic will have some more give . 
I would suggest that anyone buying this bra probably should go up a band size . 
Also , the straps are not adjustable but I have never found that to be a problem . 
I'm an avid skier and outdoors woman's . 
Most outdoor close are geared towards men's . 
I normally wear a 12 , sometimes 14 , and the large fits just fine . 
These are just what we were looking for , as working in cold , wet working conditions , no matter the rain gear , can be miserable . 
These are not too heavy , fit well , and are toasty ! 
Below 0 as a high cold . 
And I've been wearing long underwear almost every day for the past two months . 
And it's been a good choice . 
The fit is good , although maybe just a tad bit large . 
Which is a good thing , since it allows me to wear briefs under these . 
Between the briefs and the natural properties of wool , I can usually wear these for several days in a row without any smell . 
I bought it for skiing and winter mountain hiking . 
Will buy it for my father because he uses to wear bottoms during the winter . 
after reading the reviews , they sounded like what i needed for an extended backpacking trip through some low mountains in March . 
i have a bunch of old , " polyblend " thermal underwear that are completely outperformed by these , and i will never look back . 
5 stars all the way . 
Over 40 days below zero and I was just laughing the whole time . 
A lot people didn't realize they were fake until they looked at it closely . 
It held up well for all the parties I went to . 
Oops ! 
I purchased these cigarettes to be used in a play where smoking was called for but we were in a location where we couldn't actually smoke . 
The only probably we had is that they only lasted for about 3-5 rehearsals before they no longer " smoked " . 
I wish they would last longer , but they are inexpensive enough that it doesn't cost much to get replacements . 
It works for awhile but oh well they are cheap i can buy morei have no idea why some people wrote bad reviews . 
I guess i was the lucky one . 
:P Worth it , better then the expensive ones :) 
I purchased this for my grandson for Christmas and was very impressed with the weight of this and how real like it was and not a Dollar Store buy . 
The only draw back was it came four weeks after Christmas , by the look of the bag it was in I can under stand why it would be stuck somewhere . 
Good buy . 
this watch is beautiful one . 
but so so big . 
be careful if you do not like big watches.because this one is so big but good watch 
The Daniel Green Women's Dormie slipper in size 8 medium is a classic , dainty bedroom slipper . 
92 year old mom wanted something with a little heel and perfect fit . 
It says 100 % lambs wool in the specs for the scarf .. twice . 
It is not . 
Its 100 % Acrylic . 
I ordered this scarf as a gift .. and I wanted to keep it so bad ! Shipping was great even though I ordered it during the holidays . 
The scarf came sealed in plastic and I fell in love with it ! 
The material is very soft and there's even wool in it . 
The colors are accurate . 
The fringes aren't messed up and are just as soft . 
Now ... the Slytherin emblem ... that blew me away . 
I will get myself a Gryffindor one ( because I'm sooo not a Slytherin and yet I don't want people to know that I actually fit into Hufflepuff . 
Ha ! ) 
Bought this as part of the costume but it would be great by itself . 
I bought this for my 5 year old boy a few months ago and wanted to wait for a little while before I write a review . 
The novelty wears out so quickly for most 5 year olds ... 
My little boy has worn it almost every day since I purchased it for him and he even slept in in it for a few nights ! 
We get text messages from NASA about the ISS crossing of our sky and we watch it whenever possible . 
My little boy puts his astronaut suit and salutes the ISS for the few minutes that we can see it clearly in orbit ! 
:-) This suit has been washed at least a dozen times since I bought it and it held up just fine , - still looks like new from the dryer ! 
So far it has not stained or torn anywhere ... well made and gets lots of compliments ( of course it could be because we practically wear it everywhere we go and at least one person is bound to comment on it ! ) . 
If your child loves everything about space this suit is a must have for him / her ! 
no way would I call these " panties . " But the waist doesn't roll down , the bottoms don't ride up and you hardly know they're there . 
I don't know who sized these briefs but they did it all wrong . 
I ordered 2 pair of different sizes , one the actual size I usually wear and the other a size smaller . 
Too much bother to return . 
Lampshades ? 
I've worn this style of Vanity Fair for years and don't like any other brand . 
However , these seem to run larger than they usually do even though I ordered the same size . 
I read the reviews and decided on these panties to try . 
As a guy I feel more sexy and confident wearing panties . 
Hoping to get a bra to match . 
Lol 
I really like how these fit , and the feel is great , , Ordered a size smaller than usual because briefs like this are to baggy in the regular size 
I own probably 10 pairs of these briefs . 
Wasn't sure I would like the high cut but it worked out fine . 
I ordered 4 pairs of this style , and all fit great but these , , way to small can't understand way this happened ? 
? 
What more can I say ? 
These are the " pants " I reach for when I'm getting dressed each day . 
The others just get pushed to the back of my lingerie drawer . 
I'd buy this product again . 
If they had been more silky I would have given five stars . 
They do feel better after a couple of washings . 
Great fit , lovely fabric , well made - I will buy them again . I like the ' natural ' color as well ... but will add some in black the next time . 
I already have a few of these panties , i must say that i love them , they are very soft , and they wear very nice . 
Still , all I really need . 
A little tight in the leg . 
No panty lines under your dresses . 
Good quality . 
Product was exactly as described . 
They do however leave a little bit of a panty line , and is more noticeable if you wear slacks or spandex ( in which case a thong works best anyway ) , but i wear jeans for work everyday so it's not as noticeable ; who really cares anyway ? 
Additionally , my husband commented on them * immediately * as he thought they were extremely sexy ! ! 
He'll never know they're my lounge underwear ! ! 
;) I looooove them ! Oh , and if you buy Victoria's Secret underwear , the sizing is extremely similar for mediums . 
I wear a Victoria's Secret medium and the same is true for these Vanity Fair panties . 
I'm an XS / S in clothing but a M in these panties . 
And they are totally cute . 
Unless mine were an anomaly , order up at least a size . 
I ordered my normal size and they are strangling . 
And it doesn't appear they can stretch out . 
I'm 5 ' 2 and 108 lbs . 
I wear a size 4 pant usually so I ordered a small . 
I was disappointed that the fit was a little snug and the " strings " actually press a little too tightly in on my hips . 
Ordered a size 8 , which is my size but these are huge . 
I also don't really like how slippery and silky they feel . 
I don't feel they are worth the money . 
I didn't really want them anyway . 
even though I ordered red and they sent me black with polka dots I liked it . 
I decided to keep it because I have something to match with it otherwise I would have been livid . 
Fits exactly well . 
I like the style and fit however the material is what I do not like . 
Six pairs all colors quite tight on a heavier calf . 
They did loosen up after washing a few times . 
I do not recommend these for everyone . 
Probably okay for teens . 
Not for anyone who works out . 
These socks do NOT fit as knee socks . 
I have ordered several pairs , from different manufacturers , in the recent months & of all of them , these are the worst fit for me . I am 5 ' 4.5 " tall , not overweight at all , with a BMI of 21.5 ... so I know that my calves are not that heavy , although I do have large bones ... maybe that's why ? 
? Anyway , they only reach half-way up the calf , so for what I wanted , they did not fit the bill . 
I gave them all to my daughter , rather than go through the hassle of returns , etc . 
At least she can get some use out of them ... 
The thickness of the material and quality of workmanship is good . 
However , it is a little bit on the tight side and I do not have big legs . 
But when I laundered and dried it in the washer and drier , it shrunk quite a bit . 
I have not tried it again but I think it would be quite tight because it just barely fit me comfortably before it shrank . 
I think the company should make allowance for this shrinkage when making the measurements . 
Otherwise , nobody will buy them again because they will need to be washed and dried . 
They are too thick a material to be just hanged in the clothesline to dry . 
I thought maybe it was the way it fit under the dress I had on so I tried it with another dress and the same thing happened . I thought maybe it was just the slip I had so I got a black one . 
Same results . 
This slip fits well , and the length is just above the knee , so it's a good length for business wear . 
On this slip , the fabric is sturdy but not clingy , so it stays where it should and serves its purpose . 
I'm 5 ' 4 " and 120 pounds , and this slip is the perfect length for me . 
Perfect for what I was looking for . 
I was worried it would be too loose , but it fit just fine . 
The slip is free of unnecessary decoration so it gives your garments a very clean and smooth finish . 
The slits ( one on each side ) end above the knee so the slip does not bunch up or twist when you walk . 
If it helps , I am 5 ' 8 " tall and and usually take a size 10 in pants and a 12 in dresses and I ordered the slip in size " Large " . 
Like I said , perfect ! 
I purchased this bag to take on a trip for Thanksgiving . 
It fit all of the stuff I crammed into it , yet it doesn't fell big and bulky like a backpack . 
Please add it in your next bag ! 
Now I use the watch at work at the hospital and when I go running 
I recommend this . 
Super for the quality ! 
Thank you ! 
I've had TImex watches for years . 
It mysteriously switches modes , but easy to get back to the time mode . 
Overall I like this for exercise and work ( timing tests , keeping track of treatment time ) . 
I recommend . 
Cuality . 
I ordered it because a shoulder injury was making my regular bras hard to put on and take off , but it really didn't work out for me . 
I purchased this bra based on the reviews .. does not come close . 
I bought better from Romans.This bra does not support your breast at all . 
Dont waist your money . 
You can buy a better bra somewhere else . 
It was too small , I am going to try another bra from you . 
I have have found the most bras in my size here . 
A little snug but have been wearing long line bras for a couple of years so it could just be going back to a regular bra feels odd . 
I should have gotten a size up for the band because it digs in to my skin and it's really hard to get all of the front latches hooked . 
I would like it much more if I had gotten a bigger size but then I'm not sure how well the support would be . 
I think it has to be tight to be supportive and so the band doesn't flip up or slide alot . 
Good construction , I normally wear a 38DD and this was a little tight , returning it and trying a 40DD . 
Lets see how it fits , maybe buying some more . 
One thing I really liked about it was that I was not constantly adjusting my straps and pulling the back band down . 
I normally love the Ahh Bra By Rhonda Shear , it is very comfy but offers little support and modesty.The Exquisite form bra looks and feels great , but the only drawbacks are : Fits tight ; see below for recommendations for fitFront closure is difficult for people who may have arthritis.The plus sides : see below for recommendationsI enjoy working in the garden , fishing , horseback riding , hiking , etc . 
and wanted a bra with some support for these activities.The bra is 100 % cotton with some spandex in the band area . 
My measurement of the band area below the breast is 37 inches , after reading online I ordered size 40 , it is somewhat tight but stretches out over time with wear , enough to be comfortable.Be prepared that the cotton will shrink a little so it is a good idea to order up in size , I normally wear a 36 C in most stretchy bras , but ordered a 40 D and could not be happier.The back support area eliminates back bulges and offer great support for back problems . 
The cups fit is as expected but is a lot like the shrink to fit jeans of old.So , measure the area beneath the breast , order up to 4 inches higher , Order up in cup size , if you are a C cup , order D , If you are a D cup or larger I would recommend ordering up to two cups larger to allow for shrinkage.The cups offer great modesty without padding . 
For ladies that are well endowed and do not want to " let it all hang out " this is a great alternative . I recommend this bra for those women who are well endowedWant modesty without paddingNeed back support and breast support for activitiesWant cool cotton for summer or for hot yoga activites 
I didn't know what size to order so I ordered up a size and it is a bit too big but I'm OK with that . 
Me gusta ! 
Size and material just as vendor stated . 
The fit was perfect for my needs . 
Very satisfied with purchase . 
Thank U . 
I wear size 12 but am broad in the rib cage and a 40 fits perfectly . 
Fabric is soft and the slip is perfect under sheer summer dresses . 
I am 5 ' 10 " tall , about 175lbs and wear a size 12-14 . 
Bra size is 34C . 
Got the 42 in this slip and while it's a little roomy all around , it works well under my summer weight dresses . 
Didn't want it to be tight on me , and the material is so light there are no visible wrinkles or bunches through the dress . 
Probably could have sized down a little , but wasn't worth the return shipping hassle . 
Hits right above my knee . 
Measurably improves the overall line of any dress I put on . 
For years I've been looking for a black version of a sexy slip ( like the one Liz Taylor wore in Cat on a Hot Tin Roof ) and this slip is very close . 
I gave it 4 stars ( not 5 ) because the adjustable straps are very short ( not a problem for me but could be for others ) . 
Also , the adjustable part of the strap is in the front ( when it should be in the back ( like on a bra ) ) . 
I suppose this is a manufacturing , quality control issue . 
This slip has me strutting around the bedroom like a blonde Maggie the Cat . 
This cami is a bit thin so you'll need to wear a bra underneath , but it's very pretty and I know I'll wear it often . 
I wear a 36D bra and thought the size 38 would fit and perhaps even be too large . 
I was very disappointed when I tried on one of the camisoles . 
It was tight in the bra area and much too small in the lower skirt . 
I am not going to send them back because of shipping costs ; I will just give them to a charity . 
I liked the fabric because I thought it would not cling to whatever I wore over it . 
Frustrating ! 
I regret not ordering this in beige color rather than another good but not as good product . 
Oh , wait , I have bought these again ! I have six pairs of these and wear a pair nearly daily under my work dresses . 
I have found that some of them are tearing where the lace meets the nylon , but those are my older ones ( I've had some for nearly a year now ) . 
I started wearing pettipants when I lived in a very hot climate . 
These pants are a life saver when I want to wear skirts and dresses in the summer . 
When I ordered beige , I was expecting more of a flesh or tan color , but that's not what it is . 
It's a yellow-ish white . 
To me it's a little bigger than I expected , when I wear it , it slides down to my hips . 
For reference , I ordered a medium , and my waist is about 30 " and my hips are about 35 " 
Beautiful sexy gown . 
I love the colour and fit . 
A good choice and my husband loves it too ! 
I thought this gown was so pretty and feminine so I ordered two . 
It was thin and flimsy , not at all like the picture shows it looking . 
It looks like it would be flowy with a heavier type of material , it wasn't at all . 
Very disappointed and they make you pay for the return , waste of money either way , not a good value at all . 
Fitted through the bodice with a sturdy lace fabric ! 
You would want a housecoat with it , it fairly low cut . 
I like Woolite for my nightgowns . 
Thank You Amazon ! 
I feel like I stepped out of the 1950s . 
I bought the robe to go with it to make it into a negligee set . 
Wearing this around the house is luxurious and sexy for you and your partner . 
It's not what the picture looked like I can say ok for the price 
This nightgown fits perfect ! 
It is a bit long for me but it is so comfortable I could wear it all day long on the lounge day ! 
The only problem is that it creates static and the material snags . 
I would get this in a couple more colors if I didn't already have so many nightgowns . 
I went by the measurement guide and ordered accordingly , however the bust / straps are about a size too large and come off more droopy than fitted.Love the feel of the lace at the top and the silky bottom , but it's such a noticeable slump in the strap / bust that I feel I'll have to find a way to take up the straps / alter it . I would recommend ordering a size smaller than the measurements . 
I feel like an angel in this . 
My husband can't take his eyes from me when I wear this . 
I'm going to buy some more just in case they stop making them . 
I think it is more an issue of my build rather than a flaw in the nightgown . 
Perfect for pear shapes . 
Be warned that your breasts will be visible through the lace . 
I am 5 ' 4 " and currently 140lbs ( working my way back down to 123 ) . 
I ordered a small , and it fits very well . 
If you need more modesty , consider purchasing the robe , as well . 
I plan to order more in other colors . 
Love the floral , so bright and cheery I found it runs a little large but not enough to send back , 
Fair price = I only wish it came in a dozen different fabrics and I'd buy a couple more . 
The item itself is a poor quality item . 
The zipper is plastic , not a sturdy metal one . 
The material isnt good quality cotton . 
Its a thin sheer cotton , Not made to last . 
IMPORTANT - This item comes in a short and a long . 
I do not know why no one has mentioned this before . 
If you look at the sizes when you order , it does not say short or long . 
I would have needed and wanted a long . 
They sent me a short . 
Its horrible . 
This is the problem im having with the seller . 
They wont respond to my emails about this , I am fed up at this point . 
All in all , the items look pretty but are very poor quality , I understand why people stated their zippers broke , and the material is not worth what they are charging either .. 
I purchased this for my 97 year old Mom and loves it . 
Soft , colors are nice , fit ok . She really likes it andthat is what counts . 
Bought for my wife and she likes it a lot . 
Initially she liked the black and was glad I got the black . 
Many compartments ! 
Made pretty well with the exception of having to re-glue the drawer guides and some leather ' tucks ' . 
I purchased this robe for my mom for Christmas . 
She took it out of the box and put it right on . 
She is about a 10-12 . 
The medium fit perfect . 
It was well packed and well made . 
I would purchase this again . 
The fit is great and it actually has " full coverage ! " Gilligan O'Malley nursing bras from Target call thier nursing bra a " full coverage " bra , but my nursing breasts always fell out of the cup , to the point that I could not wear the bra without wearing a cami to hold myself together . 
36 D is the smallest I've found rib size . 
I was excited to find an inexpensive bra with 34 size ! 
Unfortunately this bra fit way too tightly , more like a 32 ? . 
Plus , as other reviews reported , it does not fold down very far for nursing . 
It might work for pumping only . 
Maybe it will fit better after some baby weight starts to drop off , being that it has only been a few weeks 
Not the right bra for me . 
Just didn't like it at all , so it went back . 
They dent in and don't stay out . 
The material is so bad , it is like the equivalent of memory foam so when it dent in , it stays that way until you push out the cup again which is embarrassing . 
No one wants a dented in chest look . 
Also this tends to cut off my supply 10 fold with the underwire so if you really need an underwire try this but I'd go down a cup size for sure . 
After wearing the first one , I bought two more.The cup size runs a little small but the shape is great ! 
I found this camisole to be tight with not much stretch , and more transparent than shown in the picture . 
Also it is quite long , so did not work as a camisole to wear under a shirt , which is what I wanted . 
I don't think they are scratchy . 
The lace cami comes in very handy . 
The under wire does not cut in . 
and there is Enough lace to make it a " Peek a Boo " , which is what I want under low cut tops . 
I can across this wonderful bra quite by accident . 
I had ordered The Milana Cami bra with lace thru Amazon . 
I was Very dissatisfied with this bra , as there is Hardly ANY lace , and to wear under low cut apparel makes it almost obscene.Not only was i unhappy with the Milana bra , as it is not like the picture .. there is Hardly any lace , but then the company wanted me to pay postage to send back to them . 
Amazon of which I am Prime member resolved this issue . 
In searching for something else . 
This is fabulous - it's a bra with a thin layer of lace covering it and it looks great on with low cut blouses . 
It has replaced the lacey additions I affectionately call " Vickie's " ( the female version a a dickie ) . 
I no longer worry about sharing too much of myself when I wear a v-neck shirt or lower cut blouse . 
This bra actually accentuates some of my tops and makes them look better . 
There is no padding and you might need to double up when it's cold . 
:) 
Bought to wear under my low cut tops , I wear a 38 D and I bought a 38DD since others said it ran a bit small it fit me prefect and this bra was real comfy to me so a bought an other color while they were on sale ! 
! 
I missed the fact this is an underwire bra . 
I am over 40 and this would fit a teen or young person . 
Not for older women . 
Back it goes . 
Was delivered really fast . 
I'm sure this bra would be fine in the winter under heavier tops , but the lace is visible under lighter blouses and tees 
Especially now that it is summer and getting hotter , lessens the need to wear a tank top under all but the deepest v necks . 
Not too high that it goes over the top of regular non v neck shirts either . 
Liked the white so much I went back and bought the black one . 
It was nice to me to live again the experience of shrinking before wearing it , the fit after is unique . 
I usually wear W31 L31 so I follow the recommendations and bought W32 L34 and after two shrinking processes in hot water the results are W31 L32 , the waist perfect but length is a little longer , it is not a problem at all but I think next time I will buy W32 L33 . 
Strongly recommended ! ! 
! 
These jeans do not retain their color and after and after one wash they shrunk so tight that I can no longer fit them and have had them less than a month . 
I am very disappointed and feel like I have wasted nearly $ 100 dollars on two pair of jeans that are of no use to me , I don't believe I will order anymore clothing from amazon because the return window has expired and it is too short for something that is mail order . 
There is not enough time to see if the item is satisfactory because I tried them on and then did not wear them until 2 1/2 weeks later . 
Also , there are never any jeans for the low price that Amazon advertises ; they are always from $ 46 and up . 
It's probably been 25 years since I bought any Levi shrink-to-fit jeans , and I'm really sorry I bought these . 
I have no trouble wearing any brand 32x32 jeans , but these shrink to fit 32x32 are way too small , too tight . 
And worst of all they come out horribly wrinkled . 
I bought two pairs on clearance for $ 14 / pair , but what good is that if they're too small to wear ? 
I doubt I can return them since I washed them but I'm going to try . 
Jeans have really changed , and these are a giant step backwards . 
Very disappointed . 
I'll shop at the store for these jeans from now on ... 
We love being able to buy exactly his size ... where else can you get 30-34 ? 
I do not know about these pants because I had to cancel the order . 
I don't know what more I can say since I didn't don't have the pants . 
If you are looking for brown jeans then these are them . 
They are just as described and fit well . 
They are 501 ' s what else can be said ? 
Returned 
It takes a couple of washings until these jeans fit right . 
But that is what is expected . 
This is how jeans of yesteryear were made ! 
They cost the same as most stores , and they are exactly as pictured . 
I will continue to order these jeans for him in the future ! 
501 IS OF MY FAVORITE JEANS OF LEVIS ! ! ! 
THIS SIZE FIT AS EXPECTED ! 
I WILL BUY MORE JEANS IN THE FUTURE ! 
I bought these in 29 waist and length is 32 should have been fine in length but they were to big have to wear belt and way to short I feel like high waters . 
I have bought these in this before at the stores and they were never this way to big around waist and way to short in legs . 
I will ever buy these again . 
Yeah I would recommend because maybe they fit others better than me . 
I don't know if it feels smaller because it has buttons instead of a zip , but he can't wear it ... 
I have worn 40x30 Dockers for years . 
When these arrived , I found them to be too big with no expansion of the waist elastic . 
I ordered the next size down ( 38x30 ) . 
I can't say this will be the same scenario for everyone , but you might want to order one size smaller if is a ' comfort waist " . 
This review is specific to the black stretch . 
Normally the standard 511 are my jean of choice , but I decided to try the black stretch . 
They wear and fit like straight denim , which was nice , but the spandex has broken and " pilled " up across all the fabric . 
It looks like I'm covered in crumbs that you can't get rid of.The jeans were rendered completely unwearable after only maybe 100 hours of use . 
I absolutely love these jeans , they go very well with a blue blazer and dress shoes , not to mention shirt and tie . 
just okay . 
would have gotten a better deal elsewhere . 
looks far better online than the real stuff . 
i was disappointed 
I tried the pants before buying them on line in a levis store and the waist was not expectedTo resolve the issue I thought of a trouser belt but It does not have enough clamps for it . 
Like the fit better than what I've worn forever ( 501 ' s and 505 ' s . ) 
Better cut in the waist . 
No bulk in the backside . 
Will buy more . 
I chose this rating because I had to pick a star . 
would be preferred to of given no stars Cuz after one wearing without washing they were completely covered in anything possible that would stick to it and lots or fuzz from blankets or anything . 
I'm very unhappy with them don't know where they're made but you should check for if made in China do not buy them Levis were a U . S . product & should of stayed that way . 
I would not recommend this to anyone . 
I'm Very unhappy and when you do wash them it doesn't come off .. 
( Dickies ) 
If you have thin legs the 511 ' s may be for you . 
no details in its finish . 
good quality.after several washings maintains shape and color.highly recommendedThank you . 
I don't have thunder thighs nor do I have chicken legs . 
Quite thin and stretchy . 
Not unlike your typical yoga pants that ladies wear . 
There is also the danger of male cameltoe appearance unless that is the intended effect you are going after . 
Not for me . 
I've seen the picture of the members of Journey taken together sporting ill fitting and tight contraption like jeans from the late 70 ' s . 
We've gone past that . 
Steve Perry is gone from the band and so should his fashion sense from the 70 ' s . 
My teen son is not a fan of the skinny jeans , but he is tall and thin . 
Not skin tight , but not all baggy either . 
I am not a slim frame individual , but I manage my weight ; these pants give me the slim look I was looking for . 
I had to buy them 2 sizes up though to allow for shrinkage . 
! 
The back pocket is where it is suppose to be and not way down the leg . 
Would reccomend them to anyone . 
I do not have an athletic build but I have a small butt so jeans that fit are hard to find unless I want them baggy . 
The quality is good and there is very little shrinkage . 
Once one wears a pair of stretch jeans , there is no going back to hard jeans . 
I am satisfied . 
I've worn these jeans about 6 days a week for over a year . 
Only now am I starting to get wear around the pocket where I keep my cell phone . 
It's not as baggy as normal jeans but its not slim fit like 511 . 
I am 6ft tall - - weigh 216lbs . 
Most of my weight is upper ( shoulders / chest / gut areas ) . 
I am also in my 40 ' s . 
I always was thin in my teens / 20 ' s / 30 ' s , and like to dress somewhat fashionable . 
( I played in Rock bands all my life and my wardrobe was pretty much leather jackets , t-shirts , tight jeans / cords ) . 
AS I am now in my 40 ' s , I have quit partying and started taking better care of myself . 
I had no idea that I was going gain so much more weight ( I just wanted to live healthy ) . 
- - Well I am healthy alright ! 
In my 30 ' s I never thought I would pass 190 lbs . 
Now at 216 lbs I feel huge ! ! 
I hate that damn scale ! ! ) 
My waist seems to stay the same ( I have been in a 34 - 36 waist for 20 years ) ? ? 
- - The bottom line - - - I was pretty nervous about wearing these . 
I don't want to be that guy who is old - fat - and tries to pull off wearing ' skinny ' jeans ! ! 
- - Well these are really not that skinny . 
I purchased the Black and this really cool looking Grey . 
The tough part was wearing them in front of my kids - - - I have 3 very opinionated kids in their early teens to early 20 ' s . 
They like them ! ! ! 
As a matter of fact my wife and youngest daughter thought I lost A LOT of weight - when I wore the Black pair . 
They made me appear thin again ! ! 
Thank You and Good Night ! 
These pants fit perfectly in the length department and very well in the width as well . I will say if you are looking for a pant that is skinny all through the calf like it is in the thigh , you may want to go with the 510 from levis as they are a tighter fit . 
These fit great and can be worn in more situations that the extremely tight ones . 
i didn't like the color on the light poly personally , but they are levis and they are cool so im sure somebody out there likes em 
Lasted at least 10 years . 
ThoughtI would go up a size due to shrinkage and so forth . 
If you aregoing to wear these under chest high trout fishing waders oryou are Pee Wee Herman these fit great . 
My wife fell out ofbed laughing since they almost covered my nipples ! 
These fit as advertised and are the correct way for men to wear under ware . 
They wash hundreds of times and don't fall apart and I like the fact that I could get these in 5 colors to match my pants . 
My husband had switched to boxers but he always hated them and wanted the fit and comfort of a brief . 
But that isn't really a problem . 
Nice looking and stylish . 
A little stiff when I first tried them on , but they loosened up during my day at the office in them . 
They look good dressed up or more casual . 
Recently ordered a pair for my husband . 
It has held up to a lot of wear and still looks new 
The shoes are good quality but are a little stiff and tight . 
I was looking for more of a western belt but this belt is just the ticket for my casual wear pants and jeans . 
This belt looks great , but i would recommend buying a larger size than you think you need . 
I have a size 36 waist , so I ordered a size 36 belt and it barely fits - I use the very last hole in the belt . 
I got these belts for my husband . 
The pictures do not do them justice . 
The quality seems very good . 
I even saw a 90 year old legit cowboy in line at the DMV with the same belt .. it was pretty worn and I knew then this belt will last forever . 
Whoa , is this belt stiff , not supple at all . 
It is tough to even get it buckled and I wouldn't bother and just return it but I do like the looks of it . 
Maybe it'll soften after a few years , but for now it is very unwieldy and difficult to fasten because it is STIFF , my goodness ! 
I would not have bought if I did tried it in a store . 
Too much bother to return it . 
I will go back to my old brand . 
It won't be my last as I simply draw no enjoyment from that trip to the store , but it is a disappointment.These are beautiful shoes , but too small . 
I thought they'd " break in " as has happened with other Cole Haan shoes , so I wore them a few times ( and enough that I couldn't return them - - another mistake ) . 
They didn't . 
All I got were blisters and irritation at my own stupidity.Think before buying . 
I really like this watch . 
I had a two-toned watch a few years ago and wanted another one . 
This is very classy-looking and would be the finishing touch for a special outfit . 
I would definitely recommend this watch to anyone . 
Bad fit , too large and I ordered the smallest size . 
And caused muscle strain in my legs . 
Also too low of a cut in the toe area . 
Made it even more unconfortable . 
Shoes come a bit large so you gotta really be careful when you walk so they don't slip off . 
But super comfy great to wear around the house . 
In a select few sandals , a size 7 1/2 The slipper did not fit right , tight - and had to be returned . 
The foot print / soul is that of a very narrow foot . 
Can't house shoe makers give us a width choice ? 
They are SO soft and the padding in them is great . 
It's like walking on a cloud ! 
These are a second pair ordered . 
Shipping was as I expected . 
The only issue I have that has nothing to do with the slippers themselves is how Isotoner packages them . 
They are on a small hangar to which they are secured with the common nylon T - ended tabs which would not be a problem except for the fact they are poked through the bottom of the slipper in the center of the ball of the foot area . 
These terry slippers have a fairly durable rubber sole . 
The Cheetah print do not have the hard sole , so it is not as important since they would probably absorb liquid anyway , but on a harder sole it is an odd thing to do . 
Ballet slippers are my go to footwear around the house . 
I've purchased dozens over the years and wear them to rags . 
Isotoner has one of the thickest most padded soles I've found which means I can wear them comfortably all day . 
In addition , the sole is firm and has some treading so I don't feel like I'm slipping on our hard wood floors.The one negative I have is that this pair runs small . 
I wear a size 8 shoe and always buy Isotoner L (8 / 9 ) . 
While this pair is OK , they are very snug and my toe goes all the way to the end . 
No way could a size 9 wear these . 
Looking closely at the product pictures you can see some of the difference . 
But the black , which I bought , looks ( and is ) like the flat terry of a beach towel . 
I wish everyone would be specific about the size and color they bought because it can make a difference in results . I would recommend that if you buy the black , go one size up . 
The stores always want to sell this black one it the hot sweaty satin polyester . 
They are nice practical slippers that I wear everyday around the house . 
Liked the quality for the price I paid 
I would recommend them . 
These have a very thick cushion of that memory foam type stuff . 
My mom has tall feet , and these just didn't get up high enough to cover well enough to stay on her feet as she walks . 
I love these pants , but where are the pockets ? ! 
Why do they make women's pants with these tiny little pockets ? 
Somebody needs to get with the real world . I ordered two colors . 
I am 5 ' 7 " and a size 12 . 
Just put longer pockets in them . 
I've never been a dockers person , but after trying them on i may have to invest heavy in these types of pants . 
They feel wonderful . 
I'm 5 ' 9 " 220lbs and the 16 was too night . 
The pants didn't stretch at all . 
I would still recommend them to others , I'll get get a bigger size . 
I'm in my 40 ' s and have had problems finding jeans that would fit me . 
Most stores that I've been to don't even have 501 jeans in my size . 
Now I can wear what I choose to wear instead of settling for anything that will fit . 
It's a highly sought after finish which can be ruined or washed away and normally is only recommended for spot cleaning and not regular washing machine washing . 
You can , it just wont be as shiny afterward.It doesn't put wax on your hands . 
It feels like something between waxed and oiled , like you might think of a garment that is waterproofed . 
They don't wear any " hotter " or seal dampness in any more than regular jeans , and simply have a unique sheen to them that is trendy , and probably wouldn't be considered a ' daily wear ' pair of jeans . I am on a huge hunt for this finish because it's my new favorite thing . 
These have been awesome for backpacking . 
They have enough of a rubber sole that you can walk around camp even when it's damp and get good traction on any rocks , but are light enough you're never tempted not to bring them along . 
The ones that I own have all had leather shoes that were from Enzo Angiolini . 
These have plastic soles ! . 
When I saw them on Amazon I ordered two pair thinking that they would have the same type sole as that is what the description read . 
I also own this shoe from a brand call Partners ( winter white , camel and brown ) and they have the plastic sole but then they only cost $ 19.99 and I am no longer able to find them . 
I ordered both pair in my regular size and one fit fine and the other pair not only had a chip in the front of the plastic sole but also fit snug across the instep and the leather wanted to curl under . 
The other pair went back because of the fit and the chip . 
Amazon needs to update the description from the sellers of this product to read that they have a manmade sole and not a leather sole . 
Need a simply black loafer type shoe and purchased these . 
I wore them when I was pregnant many years ago with both daughters and figure they worked for me then so they would work for me now . 
When I put them on it was like going back in time to a favorite place and moment . 
They fit and feel like slippers and can be worn with everything and anything . 
Actually my shoe wardrobe consists only of Crocs Cleo II's , Sam Edelman gladiator sandals and Enzo Liberty loafers . 
I do not wear sneakers , not my style , never was . 
Nothing says foot love like leather shoes and these are worth every penny ... doubly so if you get them on sale ! 
the left shoe is too narrow . 
Not built correctly and it squeezes my foot and leaves a bruise . 
Tried to widen them but did not work . 
Now they sit at the back of my closet . 
Total bummer 
I have had these shoes for a long time , and they wore well . 
My only complaint is the soles developed an annoying squeak . 
After I received the suit I realized I did not read the description well enough . 
There was no built-in bra . 
Did what it says it would . 
It adds traction to the soles and no more skidding and sliding ! 
My only hope is that the chlorine will not fade the color too soon as I am avid at going to the pool . 
At this price , that would not be a problem compared to other more pricey brand names . 
Fit true to size . 
Looks good in and out of the pool . 
If I was only lounging by the pool these would be great . 
As soon as I step out of the water the shorts cling to every nook and cranny . 
I could pull the outer layer down and release the fabric from showing the complete outline of my package , but it seems annoying . 
I am not modest by any means . 
It is about the reaction of people at a family public pool that needs to be addressed . 
I don't feel that anybody can see through them . 
I like them and I like wearing them swimming . 
I'd rather wear as little as possible . 
I'm not a fan of too much clothing whiles swimming . I think that I will find myself wearing these to the beach , but have a pair of nylon shorts with pockets to put on over them when I need to wonder closer to the crowds . 
I would also wear these when company is over to enjoy the hot tub and they are too shy for nudity . 
Very breathable . 
Some people would feel comfortable wearing this as running shorts.This product is a one step closer to modesty : Speedo Men's Solid Surfrunner Volley Short . 
I bought this at the same time . 
I didn't feel like I had to monitor the fabric because of modesty . 
For your reference , I am 5 ' 2 " 128lbs and I normally wear a 32F / 34e cup bra . I purchased this swim suit for swim training and it fits perfectly . 
I had hoped for the light blue like the photo , but these came in almost black . 
High quality ; high sparkle ; high results for the gift . 
I had a pair just like this a long time ago , purchased at the mall - I LOVE this ! ! 
These fit the bill ! 
They seem well made , they don't come undone so easily that I fear losing them . 
My hair is short , so they show . 
This item was ordered because it could fit on a water bottle's cap closure and be handy during exercise and time at the gym . 
Had it for a couple years now works great will buy another when this one wears out .. Love the fact it's not on my wrist 
They are reasonably priced , and I appreciate that they are made in the USA . 
They are also treated with something called FreshGuard which is said to eliminate odors . 
They aren't as cushioned as some socks I have worn , but do have a cushioned sole that is , for me , more than adequate for running . 
I think these socks are a compelling value , and I plan to buy more . 
:-) 
Did not shrink when I tried to wash them so they are true to size , I'm a 7 but thought they might shrink . 
These are what I would call " industrial grade . " Overall fit : Bulky , over-the-navel , but not too bad . 
They are not slimming and can not be worn under my form-fitting pants or jeans - Just too much bulk . 
So , I wear them with sweats or baggy pants . 
But as soon as I change positions , I can feel the leg bands pinching and pulling , actually cutting off my circulation - Not kidding . 
Don't try to sit down and relax wearing these . 
It is simply not possible ! That said , if you don't mind any of those problems then buy them , because they wear like steel and will likely last forever even if you do not ! Suggestion to manufacturer : Put some " give " in the leg bands . 
I like these . 
Nothing will ever be as good as the Barely There cotton / spandex briefs I used to buy , but they have been discontinued.Plusses : Full-cut briefs , substantial fabric . 
Bali quality.Minuses : Elastic around the legs and waistband . 
Which I guess they are , but to they have to look like it ? 
If I ordered them again I would go down a size.Don ' t get me wrong , these are a big improvement on the generic six-to-a-package briefs you get in big box stores . 
They just aren't my all-time favorites . 
These undies offer a generous - but proper - fit . 
For that reason , I was disappointed in the product . 
I bought these for my son in law because he spends much of his time outdoors in snow and normal socks weren't getting the job done . 
They aren't cheap , but they are SO worth it , if you have cold feet ... 
I will definitely buy more ! 
Very nice pants , wanted to have one for years , but in my Panis originals are not achieved , so highly recommend them , they are to last for many years.Muy buen pantalon , deseaba tener uno desde hace aos , pero en mi pais no se consiguen los originales , por lo que los recomiendo ampliamente , son para durar muchos aos . 
After years of wearing Levi's I hate to give them up but their quality is just atrocious and fit is pretty lousy , and quite variable as well.Thankfully Wrangler is still making an excellent product at a fair price , and that's really what jeans should be.One tip : wranglers seem to wrinkle easily in the dryer so I turn them inside out before washing . 
fit almost as good as they did back in the day.The fashion today is to not wear them as tight as we used to lol , buy them about 4 inches longer to wear with boots and get the appropriate " stack " 
I HAVE BEEN BUYING THIS BRAND JEAN FOR MANY YEARS AND AM VERY SATISFIED WITH THEM . 
THE PRICE IS RIGHT AND THEY ARRIVED AS EXPECTED AND IN PERFECT SHAPE . 
I like this brand and also the Lee brand . 
These wear well with me . 
These are your basic cowboy cut jeans . 
Noting flashy . 
They do not , however , fit the same as my last pair of Wranglers . 
I like these blue jeans . 
They look and feel like the classic real thing . 
Mine were the stonewashed variety , I bought my normal size and even after a few washings they still fit perfect . 
Some reviewers say that you may want to size up a bit for the unwashed variety butI haven't tried those . 
I'm 70 years old and the ladies say that they like my " Wrangler butt " . 
Whatever that means . 
I buy these for my son , and have never been disappointed . 
They have a perfect fit for his slim hips , and skinny legs . 
These have a perfect fit without being clingy . 
There are so many jeans on the market , after much trying , Wrangler quality and style works best for me . 
I like the quality denimand especially the rivets at the high stress areas . 
No complaints here . 
WG . 
Purchased for my husband who is a no-fuss kind of guy . 
Pull the tags off and go ! 
I ordered a Levi's Mens 527 Bootcut Jean of the same sizehttp :/ / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004G9OIPY/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_17Fit's perfect and the material is WAY nicer . 
Perhaps the color I ordered is just a crappy material , and perhaps this was a defect but the jeans I got are terrible and I'm returning them and will never buy Wranglers again . 
These seem to be good quality , but had to return due to not being quite right . 
He usually wears a relaxed fit but lost some weight but these didnt fit in all the right places . 
What I was looking for was a jean with history of being a work pant , a piece of Americana . 
Something in raw denim that was untreated in terms of artificial washing . 
Not designer . 
Impressions & comparisons : Material - heavier weight than Levis 501 STF . 
IIRC it's 16oz denim vs 14oz . 
Wranglers are sanforized , 501 STF are not . 
Both materials are quite stiff out of the package and can be worn in the raw state long enough to create custom wear-in . 
Crotch stitching on the Wranglers is not up to Levis quality , but pocket stitching on Levis is not up to Wrangler quality . 
Wranglers retain the classic copper rivets on the rear pockets , and use less orange stitching overall for more of a dungaree look . 
Wranglers have 7 belt loops as opposed to Levis which have 5.Cut - Levis has a very particular kind of butt sag that likely came from being overalls originally . 
These Wrangler Cowboy Cut Slim Fits have no such butt sag . 
They're sized about the same way as dress pants ( read : no glamor sizing , so if you're using Levis or Old Navy waist sizes you're likely going to end up with pants 2 inches too small ) . 
I do not fit into skinny jeans from Levis , as they seem to be geared towards really skinny , non-athletic people . 
I'd say these are an athletic fit , best for endurance athletes not powerlifters.Tag - The worst thing about these jeans is the branding tag . 
It's a cheesy little piece of plastic , not even leather . 
Go old school . 
The fabric is good heavy weight denim , which he needed . 
This belt was a good idea for my son while he lost weight . 
You'll not only appreciate this stretch belt on Thanksgiving after an enormous meal , but year round ! 
Quality is excellent . 
I purchased the robe and lace night gown for my honeymoon . 
I would recommend this . 
I have other colors of this that didn't fit so loosely . 
Unless I lost a cup size or two in my sleep last night ( that would be my luck ) , the robe I got today is more of an XL . 
I'm a 38B - C , and the fitted bosom of this peignoir look like empty pockets - not the look I was going for . 
The bodice material is quite stretchy , so I'd order a size smaller without worry . 
These socks are super cute on my little boy for the price . 
I bought these for my great niece who is going through socks like crazy . 
She's not quite 7 months old , but has big feet ( closer to 9 month size ) . 
I guess she got her daddy's feet . 
According to her parents these fit . 
We'll see how long it takes her to outgrow them . 
I would recommend them . 
These are great no slip socks . 
Now he uses them to remain upright on my wood floors ... 
We'll know soon ! 
If they were not to small it would be ok . 
I usually wear a medium fit which was what I ordered but they are just to small . 
I never bought this brand before , but they fit just a well as most others I have purchased . 
The sizes are right on the money . 
I'm rehabbing from a running injury and needed something else to do apart from cycling when it's too cold or raining outside . 
I wear a size 34 , and I ordered a size 34 . 
No reason to upsize or downsize . 
I've worn them multiple times for laps in the pool at my college recreation center and I couldn't be happier . 
I feel great wearing these in public , and don't feel like they will elicit stares for any reason . 
Also they are long , from the waist to the knee , and they stay put when swimming . 
Happy with them completely . I notice that if I sit on the concrete of the pool , the spandex will start to fray and get " fuzzy " a little . 
This is purely cosmetic , it doesn't affect the suit so it doesn't bother me . 
I'll buy again . 
These two cuts are very similar , however , there is enough of a difference that the suit doesn't fit as well as the style I'm accustomed to . 
The sides are wider than some Nike / TYR / etc suits . 
Expect the suit to be tight if you order the same waist size as jeans . 
I am a 32-34 and after buying the 32 thinking it would stretch more I returned it and got the 34 . 
Everyone complaining about the legs being to tight I don't understand what the problem is . 
I used to swim competitively years ago and we all trained with a drag suit . 
It was suppose to be a little tight around your ' legs . 
I wear a 32 and ordered a 36 for my drag suit . 
This should add to your ' overall fitness overtime . 
It isn't going to be a miracle wonder and make you drop tons of time when you go to race but , it will add some drag / resistance to your ' swim and will help get your ' arms more " toned " / strengthened . 
I bought this dress for a wedding ( worn by the Mother of the Groom ) and let me say it is absolutely perfect ! 
The dress fit exactly as stated on the sizing chart . 
The satin material made the dress look much more expensive that it was . 
( You can't be the $ 50 price tag ! ) 
I ordered the dress at the last minute , literally , to replace a " nightmare of a dress " that was custom made for my Mother . 
Placed the order on Monday morning and it arrived Wednesday afternoon ... with no alterations needed ! 
This item is not rocket science but does very well the job.It is very easy to use , no matter if you are left or right handed . I took away one star because it is obvious the construction if cheap and won't last.On the other hand , it has the advantage of being light . I definitely recommend it . 
Good for everyone ! 
This bracelet buddy is great for helping with putting on bracelets . 
It is definitely not worth $ 10 but I could not find it in any stores . 
My mother bought one for me and I was surprised at how such a simple idea made putting on bracelets so much easier . 
I didn't wear bracelets because I hated trying to get them hooked or searching the house for someone to help . 
Not any more . 
These are good standard issue slacks . 
They are nothing special , great for winter due to heavy fabric . 
If you are looking for an extremely loose feeling pant with plenty of room , then these will work great for you . 
I ordered the 36 and I think a 32 would have fit me better . 
Recommend these shirts . 
Going to reorder in other colors . 
I was hoping for a orange shade but this is bright yellow . 
Dont like it much but the fitting and material is good . 
I can wear them out in with jeans . 
I really like to belt them at waist , but my favorite way is with an oversized belt between waist and above the hip . 
I wear these T's with light summer vest , some I wear with lots of pearl or chain necklaces . 
And they are cute with a scarf around the neck . 
I bought this watch over 5 years ago . 
Other than daylight savings you never need to adjust a thing on this watch . 
Well like I said I have had it over five years and I recently left it in a dark display case for over a month . 
It is a substantial watch on the wrist but it's sleek and does not slide around , pull your hair or cause any discomfort . 
It fits with activity or as a dress watch . I have over 10 watches in my collection and the Calibre 8700 is at the top . 
It is my go to watch more than any of the others and I set all my other watches ( time and date ) by this one . 
The price of this watch makes it a no brainer for me . 
If I had it to do again I would in a heartbeat.If I were ever stranded on a desert island and had to chose a watch to have with me ... this is without a doubt the one . 
Like solar-powered watch eliminates the trouble to go when the price of the battery is also cheap and accurate Good 
I bought these sweatpants becase they seemed like a good value . 
I am not disappointed with them ! 
They are exactly what I expected . 
Got this for my friend who is a workout buff and wants to show off his masterpiece upper arms . 
He felt it ran a bit large so put it in the wash immediately to tighten it up ( I got him a ' medium ' and he wanted it more snug than loose ) . 
He is about 5 ' 8 1/2 and 169 lbs if that helps on sizing , with a decent sized ( but not super large ) chest and fairly narrow waist ( 32 ) . 
! 
I liked the quality of the fabric ! ! 
! 
i ordered a large but it is to big , its cotton , looks an feels comfortable and just the arm hole is to big 
I keep forgetting that " muscle shirt " is NOT the same as a sleeveless t-shirt - - the arm holes are big enough to put a good sized thigh through ! 
He's wearing them , just not really happy with the " side breezes " . 
First off , the picture shows a nice looking sleeveless shirt that's snug around your shoulders and arm pits . 
However , the product is a cut out of the sleeves that goes all the way down to the lower part of your ribs ! 
I would NOT recommend this product to anyone ! 
Pretty thick and a bit long . 
I ordered several more colors . 
Would definitely recommend . 
I ordered a large and it fits just right - not to loose , too tight , or too short . 
I ordered XL to begin with and I was swimming in it . 
I am looking forward to wearing these as I head back to the gym after a two year absence . 
if your skin is bronze like mine ( from the island bronze ) you will wear these babies even in the winter . 
If your skin is not as bronze as mine you need to wear these babies to get bronze . 
The material is very stiff and not soft even after several washings . 
doesn't feel like a cotton shirt . 
I bought these to work out in , they are loose so your body can breath and you don't feel restriction.Didn ' t shrink much after washing , will be purchasing more . 
When I get any kind of shirt , jacket whatever I have a recurring issue that either the sleeves are too short , or the length of the shirt is too short ( doesn't go far enough past my waist ) . 
Since this doesn't have sleeves obviously that wasn't an issue , but I was worried it would be too short . 
The tank top is 30in long ! 
This thing is PERFECT for any guy who is slim but tall , actually having the tank top reach down far enough so I can reach up to the sky and NOT have it show my stomach , while not being baggy because I had to go a size up , SO NICE . 
Above my abdomen , this is a perfect fit . 
However , pectorals down , it really flows like a maternity dress and does look a bit odd ! 
XL is a perfect fit around my gut , but then the chest and shoulder areas are too tight . 
Since these won't break the bank , I recommend you try one of each size before placing any sort of bulk order ! 
Husband like t-shirt style shirts to wear under his dress shirts , but he does not like the tight fit of the ribbed undershirt . 
These were exactly what I was looking for . 
They fight nicely under his dress shirts . 
Fits as expected . 
Quality is good . 
I ordered four colors of this due to the great fit ( XXL ) - I'm 6 ' and 240 # . 
I would recommend this product . 
Compared with any other clothing I wear , including other cotton tanks , this product is substantially undersized . 
Looked everywhere for a nice quality shirt but was running out of luck until I discovered these . 
I love this Russell T-shirts , They fit perfect and they are really comfertble , I own about 10 of these and I think there a great buy 
came as described it fits and has been washed a couple times didnt shrink up . 
not itchy i like em ok 
What do you expect from a T-Shirt . 
I use it for Umpiring High School baseball and it comes out wet after calling behind the plate . 
I have no complaints . 
Considering the price it would take to track down and purchase this item I couldn't be happier . 
This is a very basic tee , nothing special . 
It does have a bold Russell Atheltic logo on the side of one sleeve . 
But no surprises here . 
The shirt is a good thickness . 
I buy these for my husband and myself for gym shirts and everyday wear . 
I've had many Russell shirts in the past . 
I like athletic t-shirts that are a little loose vs . fitting tight like a white t-shirt for wear under a dress shirt . 
So the Russell brand is my favorite and fit just as expected . 
Shirt fits as expected . 
Have some room . 
May order more . 
Does not shrink after being washed ! 
Will continue to be a faithful customer ! 
Ordered a large size .. got overlarge . 
ordered an XL , runs like a small Large.washed it three times , and it's still too itchy to wear.would not recommend . 
I buy this brand shirt almost exclusively . 
They wear well , and are inexpensive . 
It is nice to wear and not too tight . 
these are cute soft and comfy but a little on large side . 
they like to slide down have to keep pulling them back up . 
overall not too bad though 
These earrings are beautiful . 
This isn't an overly high quality outfit . 
Had no problem with the durability of it . 
I got the size Small for my ( just turned ) 5 year old and it seemed to fit him well . 
The cape was a bit long however and we ended up taking it off when walking around the streets after a while ( so it didn't drag on wet ground ) . 
The mask is only a 1/2 mask but that's not really a problem . 
Obviously doesn't come with gloves or the light saber . 
The material is what you would expect for a 15-20 $ costume , it's very thin and see through - you'll most likely want something underneath it . 
It does have a very cheap feel to it , I wouldn't buy it if you wanted a costume that would last you several halloweens or one that looks like it cost more then 20 $ . 
For the price it is - and all others I saw in this price range ( the ones locally were the same quality but about twice as expensive ) , this is a good deal . 
Basic Darth Vadar costume . 
No frills , this is a basic costume . 
My 5 year old loves Star Wars and loves this costume . 
I would tell the young boys to order it as it gives a good time ! 
These were so light weight that they constantly shifted when I attempted to wear them . 
They should have been made with double amount of gold . 
I certainly do not recommend these earrings . 
For women with long hair I recommend taking these off in the shower particularly on the days you plan to shampoo and condition . 
Some people say they are very small , i would disagree they are as shown in the photo . 
Cute and elegant ! 
Would definitely recommend . 
This was ordered as an XL Tall . 
It wasn't all that long to begin with , but after washing it , it shrunk so much I couldn't wear it anymore . 
It's way too short for a tall size . 
I have found the Carhart brand doesn't shrink nearly as much and is a better value , even though it's more expensive . 
I wear this sweatshirt daily . 
It is more or less part of my pj's . 
He wears it all the time and really likes it . 
I've washed it several times and haven't noticed any shrinking or fading . 
Good value ! 
It comes out of the dryer with original shape and look . 
I ordered two new TALL sweatshirts on the same day from Amazon . 
Got them on the same day . 
Washed them on the same day . 
The Russell in XL navy blue shrunk up so short I can no longer wear it . 
Gave it to my shorter sister . 
The Carhart gray , didn't shrink much at all , and it's my favorite . 
I really like this sweatshirt . 
I am a tall and big guy who loves to wear my clothes a bit baggy . 
By tall , I mean over 6 ' 5 " . 
I have searched long and hard to a hoodie that fit my 6 ' 9 " son . 
Turns out most manufactures consider 6 ' 2 " to be tall , which meant that most tall hoodies were still too short in the sleeves and body to fit my son correctly . 
I bought a size up so it could go in the dryer . 
Looked like a dress on my husband , so I reordered in his typical XL . 
It did not . 
The only complaint I have is after several washes , it is showing some wear already . 
That said , I would buy it again 
It's wider and taller than some 2XLT shirts I have from other companies . 
I really like this shirt . 
It is big and long , just want I wanted . 
The fabric is a little thin , but that is what you get for the price . 
Fast delivery and I will order more . 
Bought this t-shirt for my sons birthday . 
It fits well and he likes wearing t-shirts so we are both happy . 
I ordered XLT and got a 4XL . 
I mean it fit my 330 lb dad just fine but for me this was like a dress . 
I don't know what they were thinking when sizing these but it is craziness . 
I wish I had tried them a long time ago.Put on expecting bad results and they were GREAT.Will buy more 
Bought this shirt for my sons birthday . 
It fits well and he likes wearing t-shirts so we are both happy . 
Not that the shirt does NOT fit ... more that it's not as long as I would have hoped for . 
I ordered the 2X - Tall version.The shirt can still function and seems to be of good quality . 
i really like these shirts . 
i bought multiple colors of this same shirt . 
they are exactly what i was looking for . 
I was just planning a 5 day visit to my sis's in Tucson , but her health was so bad , I stayed 6 weeks . 
The temp here climbed to 95 , and I was miserable . 
I ordered these shirts , and man instant cooling . 
I ordered 2 more . 
I had been looking at local stores for shorts in my size and the type i was looking for without success . 
I'm so glad that i lookedat amazon and found all that i wanted . 
l bought this for my husband as l can't find them any where and he loves shirts with pockets . 
This type of shirt is hard to find with pockets that is . 
They wear real good and last their shape and color . 
l recommend it . 
I ordered two of these . 
Considering the price , they look much better than I expected . 
The fit is excellent . 
I have worn it a few times and plan to wear it a lot more in the future . 
Thank you for prompt service . 
I especially recommend this shirt to anyone who normally wears pocket tees , etc . 
and wants to upgrade a little for a reasonable cost . 
I originally washed and dried it by itself and the result was wrinkles . 
I then washed and dried it with other clothes and all was well . 
This fit husbands and my snorkel equipment and husbands fins are extra long . 
Comfy to wear and easy to carry on plane . 
My first complaint would have been that it is too hard for him to tighten the drawstring . 
This bag is a perfect size . 
I have no problem fitting my fins , snorkel , goggles , sandals , towel , etc . 
My only complaint is that it's a little over priced . 
We have our own snorkel gear , wetsuits , etc and I wanted a backpack tote for going to the beach . 
Very useful . 
This is exactly what I was hoping for when I order them . 
They are the perfect fit in every way . 
Would order Rothco's again . 
These shorts are very durable and have plenty of pocket space . 
Very good product ... will buy a similar product sometime soon . 
So small that you cannot fit your hand into the opening . 
I should have returned them but I did not . 
I would never buy these again , nor would I recommend them . 
If you actually buy these shorts , they do run a bit large , so order wisely and prepare to be disappointed . 
First of all , order a size LARGER than you would normally . 
China's idea of waist size is not the same as Western even though their " chart " lists them as such : if you're 38-42 in waist , get the x-large , the " large " ( supposedly fits up to 39 " ) won't work . 
Heck , I'd be surprised if a 36 " waist would fit in the " large " : 38 does NOT.Second of all , as with all of these Rothco garments , make sure to go over them - inside AND out - for ropes ( loose threads ) . 
They're not bad , just another little thing . 
The " drawstrings " are not all that useful , they don't really allow you to tighten anything . 
And , I'm not going to apply great pressure on them to see if that loosens them up enough to work.All the above said , I really like the garments once I give them the going over . 
They ARE durable and great for utility and everyday wear . 
The leg length IS to my knees , in the style all the kids seem to favor for longer " shorts " length . 
Again , if you follow the care I've outlined above , these will be some pretty durable shorts for spring / summer.The reason for 3 instead of 4 stars are two reasons : first , the size issue . 
They really should adjust their " size chart " on the item to reflect reality instead of wishful thinking . 
They would prevent a lot of shipping costs , on their part , when you have to send them back because their chart is misrepresenting the product . 
My second reason for 3 instead of 4 stars is PRICE . 
You can get Wrangler , or Faded Glory cargo shorts for $ 7 - $ 10 less , and they're a lot less hassle before wearing them . 
But , I can see where most people would not want to shell out that kind of cost . 
Great price , don't waste your money on something else . 
Perfect for storing wedding dress . 
This is the one to buy ! 
recommend to purchase due to non shrinkage 
Everything was good about the shirt . 
They were sized right . 
They fitted well and did not fade after one wash . 
I got two of these shirts with a company logo about 6 years ago and wore it only in the house - knockabout . 
I bought 5 of the white and 5 of the black and couldn't be happier . 
They wash well , last a long time and are soft - so you can wear them all day - and to sleep in . 
My husband wanted a thin shirt that was cool in the hot summers . 
He loves it ! 
I wear a large and this is true to size . 
Great for summer wear . 
I orderd this I believe the day before my brothers birthday and it arrived the day after . 
It came so fast . 
It was unbelievable . 
I would definitely recommend this to anyone ! 
i got the XXL . 
the sleeves are long enough , unlike the lee's that i bought.LEE ' s : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00742LVP0too short of sleeves ^ ^ 
It's very well made for this price . 
Will buy more like this in other colors . 
I took the advice of a previous review and ordered one size larger and they fit and look great . 
It's more like a t-s * * * with a collar than a polo . 
Perfect for those semi-casual summer days . 
It's what I expected in a polo shirt . 
I would recommend this shirt to anyone . 
Bought the shirt to wear it at work as I am required to have white polo shirt in Food Service industry restaurant . 
I wear it occasionally and really like it . 
And the price was perfect as it was my bargain to avoid paying shipping ! 
I have the problem of a broad shoulders and larges fit like smalls . 
My guy normally wears an XL , and this shirt fits him great and he loves it . 
He is 5.10 and the length is perfect on him . 
Excellent shirt made   of very good material . 
Kind of scratchy and wrinkles more than my other shirts for some reason . 
The material is just very different , so I guess it's how they weave the material ... 
I'm no expert here as to what went wrong but it's just not the best . 
But this is cotton , so I don't get it . 
Not a bad shirt for the price , but not something I will buy again 
This is just a standard cheap shirt . 
I paid $ 5 for it so I wasn't expecting much . 
It's about the quality you would expect from a giveaway polo shirt . 
It looks nice enough to wear to work but you'd want an undershirt as it's a little scratchy . 
Not sure how it will hold up as I've only worn and washed it once , but you can't really go wrong for such a cheap purchase price . 
Nice quality and no ironing necessary YAY 
This polo is of standard quality material for casual wear . 
Some men want to see / feel the quality of an item before purchasing , rather than reading about the advertisement , so I was hesitant to order this product , hoping that the description , picture was true to the item receiving . 
For men that would like polo shirts , and a company that you can trust , this would be the right polo for you . 
They are satisfied with the item , and are wearing them with their desired pants style whether with jeans or casual pants . 
I recommend you order ext siz up for a looser fit ... 
Now THIS is a bar shirt indeed ! ! 
I wear it with a white Hanes tank top because the pique feel on bare skin is a little funky ... fyi ... 
I can wear it , but it is tight . 
From a 1 to a 10 = 7 
We really didnt think that he would be able to fit these shirts but end up really loving them and how they fit 
He loves the fit and the feel ! 
I have washed the shirts already and they seem to fit the same so there was no shrinking . 
I thought i would try this brand of shirt . 
way to small and short ! 
I really like this shirt but it's too long from neck to hips . 
Will not buy this again just because of that fact . 
I wish the scarf was longer . 
It is not as long as currently is fashionable . 
I can tie it once in front of my neck , but it doesn't wrap around twice and stay . 
Cute Hogwarts patch , not Griffindor . 
I like the liquid by Connoisseurs as well , but this better for not spilling . 
The product promises a lot but delivers very little . 
When you touch is you feel unpleasant touch , rough . 
Even schlocky cheap costume jewelry turns out looking spiffy . 
Wear some kind of gloves and roll up your sleeves while polishing - these cloths swipe off so much tarnish that it gets all over the place . 
I like Wrangler jeans . 
I have short legs and they can be purchased with 29 " legs . 
They hold up well and seem to last longer than other jeans . 
When washed , they shrink very little . 
The pants do fit real high up on the waist though but excellent room and comfort 
I have such tall boys one wears a 36 inch inseam and the other two wear 34 inch inseam . 
Was not too sure if I should purchase the Classic or the Relaxed fit . 
Just what I expected from Wrangler ! 
I expect to buy this product again ! 
Once he put them on he realize that a 35 " waist was what he really needed , and they're Wranglers so they are made well and will last . 
Ok , I wear a 44x30 pant . 
It can be hard to find that locally , and sometimes it can be problematic ordering them on-line . 
You never know what you'll get.These fit perfectly . 
I'm used to Dockers , so I wasn't sure what to expect , but these are pretty much like the old Levi's pants I used to wear many years ago . 
A substantial denim fabric that isn't too soft OR too stiff . 
It's just right.Really good workmanship too . 
These will last a few years.Definitely for casual wear , but they are cut very nicely so that they aren't too baggy anywhere , yet there is plenty of room to move around and stretch , bend over , etc . I knew they were good when I put them on and didn't want to take them off . 
Only the zipper tends to be a little stuck sometimes . 
I figure that it's the seam of the zipper that is sewn too close to the zipper mechanism that interferes with it's closing . 
Four Stars . 
The jeans are good . 
It's a little wierd though . 
I bought these and the " Rugged Wear Relaxed IT Jean , Antique Indigo " jeans . 
Great pants made   in very good cotton denim and fit is perfect according to the measure . 
I will recommend this to my friends ! 
Denim is denim is denim . 
The next size would be too large . 
I could recommend these only if you were looking for a work jean and you go down a size in both the waist and inseam . 
I am a Wrangler jean's fan for many years . 
I had purchased and worn another pair , but lost weight so was looking for a smaller pair . 
Yipee ! I went down 2 in . 
by waist and hips , but allowed the " relaxed " in my newer sizing thinking , " Gosh , sure hope I didn't get over hopeful for smaller size . " When I tried them on , I was astonished that the waist was 2-3 in . s larger so have to use a belt to cinch it up tight enough so I won't loose them . 
Out of the dryer , they are tight for a little bit but they soon " stretch " out with wear . 
( I HATE the women's " stretch " jeans ! ! ! 
So " X " to those type of jeans ! 
) Plus , I like the thickness of men's jeans cuz they wear for a long time for me . I'm debating whether or not to send them back ( gotta look at " returns " to see if even feasible ) . My husband use to get so aggravated when buying his Wranglers at the size he wanted because no 2 were alike in size ... some coming small and some large . 
Wrangler needs to make sure the sizes are correct ! 
I recommend it but has to know it runs small . 
what ? 
My son loves them . 
My husband loves them and wears them everyday . 
My husband really likes these jeans . 
Have ordered him a few pairs now and the fit has been uniform , the jeans hold up well to his wearing them very often and they feel well made / good quality . 
Slowly replacing all of his old jeans with these as his die of old age . 
Exactly what I expect in a jean . 
The next time I need jeans I will come right back here and order again . 
Wrangler has always given me a better fit than Levi's , they wear just as well and cost a lot less . 
What's not to love ? 
I weigh 208 pounds , 34X32 , too small.The oldest jeans name , came to NC to launch a new cheap jeans brand to sell around the world.But this pair of jeans are inappropriate . 
These just don't hold up like they used to . 
I wish I could recommend these , but in my opinion they have decided to meet a price point at the expense of quality . 
Wrong choice if you want my business . 
It's far less expensive to pay a few dollars more to get a product that will hold up . 
It takes the same amount of time to sew either , so the difference is in the quality of the cotton used . 
I have no plans to buy Wranglers again , previously these were my go to brand for some 30 years . 
Comfort is my main criteria after quality of the product - and wearing these presents no problems bending , reaching , sitting.Great quality at a fair price . 
they are exactly what I thought that they would be , they fit great , I like them a lot . 
really i do . 
I've tried many jean brands , but I keep coming back to wrangler as a longtime satisfied customer . 
Bought as a Xmas present , he loved them , he is a wrangler man so nothing less would do , heavyweight material , would recommend 
My son has worn Wranglers before . 
Almost like they were irregular . 
GOOD ONE . 
What can I write ? 
They are Wranglers and that speaks for it self . 
From a 1 to a 10 = 10 
I ordered a 54 waist and the rear pockets seemed like a direct clone of a 30 , I could only get my fingertips in there . 
No , I don't need to put my whole hands inside , but with these only a thin wallet would fit . 
I say when they make the pants bigger they should make the pockets proportionally bigger too . 
It would not only be more practical but would improve the " look " . 
To my eye , rear jeans pockets should both start from about 2-3 inches from the center seam and be sized big enough to cover most of the butt . 
At Wrangler they start the small pockets about 2 " from the 2 side seams and then that's IT , leaving a big empty butt space . 
Bought these for my husband and he is really tall . 
Normally we cannot find jeans to fit in length , but these are true to size . 
Bought these for my husband after the Lees ( same size ) proved a bit tight . 
I am 34 and waist fit well . 
But nothing bad at all . 
Finally , I recommend this product . 
For my hubby , likes them comfy , but they fit well ! 
He is old school , as he wore Wranglers since the 50 ' s ! ! ! 
I have been buying this brand for years . 
I have 11 pair of these wrangler jeans . 
I ordered these as a somewhat less expensive alternative to my usual jeans ( Wrangler 47MWZ ) , in which I normally wear a 33 x 30 . 
Based on reviews here on amazon , I ordered ( 3 pr ) one size up  . i . e . , 34 x 30 . 
Unfortunately , they fit tighter than the 33 x 30 47MWZ ' s , so I had to return them . 
Going to an even larger size in the waist would make the rest of the jean much too large . 
Don't get me wrong , these are nice jeans ( though they are thinner than the 47MWZ ) , and the waist line is not too high   I guess I don't have the correct body style to make them work for me . 
My height 183 cm , weight 68 kg , select the size is too small , I am very disappointed . 
Pants type is better 
Very thick pants . 
I even wear them during summer where our temperatures hit 115 plus but since I do HVAC work kneeling down on a roof creates padding against the hot roof . 
I have bought these for years and will continue to do so ... 
I bought the size I get in Levi's , and even though they appear baggy in the photo they were much too tight . 
I'll stick witht ht ebrand I know . 
I washed the jeans before trying them on and they seem a bit snug . 
Will probably stretch out . 
Don't know if they're supposed to be pre-shrunk . 
I haven't gained any weight since I bought some other jeans last year . 
Maybe I should have ordered 34x32 instead of 34x34 ... My waist is 34 and it fits around fine there .. but around the thigh and legs it looks a little thick ... I have a slim body and skinny legs so it feels a little awkward because of that.So , final feedback : Colour : 5/5 Size / Fit : 4/5 Comfort : 4 . / 5 
Overall these jeans are made very nice.The only problem was the legs were larger than the picture seem to show . 
I bought these and a similar pair of Wranglers ( relaxed fit ) to compare . 
These are a little tighter in the waist than the relaxed fit ones , and perhaps a little less room in the seat , but they fit OK if you don't mind sucking in your gut to put them on . 
I've been buying these for years ( they do wear out ) . 
I think they used to made in Wisconsin and are now made in China ( pretty sure ) . 
The ones made in China don't last very long ( split at the seams in the soles ) . 
I wear mine about 6 hours a day and they just don't last ... but I love them . 
Seems to be well made and fit well . 
Nice heel for a flat walking shoe . 
My wife wears 8 1/2 w shoes and we ordered the 8 1/2 e , and she says they are a little loose . 
This has never come up with any other pairs of shoes she has purchased so I could say take that into consideration when ordering . 
They seem to be made well . 
The only negative thing was the seller lost our order for over a week . 
Beware 
I collect watches - although I cannot afford real expensive ones , and this has a very nice face , somewhat difficult to see in bright sunlight , since there is little contrast between the hands and the face . 
Great shipping Amazon ! However , if you are a man with at least average size , this watch will be too small for you . Description showed the watch at 37mm ( 3,7 cm ) , it must count the whole face and border of the watch . Very hard to see the date , if you are mid-life man without a 20/20 vision , you can just forget it . Everything else are just about right for a $ 15 watchI gave it to 8 year old son and it looked OK on his wrist . Definitely , positively NOT a men's watch ! 
Beautiful watch goes with every thing gold or silver . 
Easy to set an can be worn with jeans or dress up 
It's a gorgeous timepiece , and you really can't go wrong with Citizen's Eco-Drive . 
It seems to pick up a charge in any kind of lighting so it should always be ready to go . 
they fit as expected , a little too long but i can always hem them . 
I am tall for a girl at 5 ' 10 and it is hard to find scrub pants that are long enough for me . 
Cherokee is the only brand I have found that has a tall pair of scrubs that are actually long ! ! ! 
I love the fit . 
They do run large . 
I wear a size 10 in women's and I am a small in these pants . 
They are comfy and don't really shrink much with repeated washings and drying . 
I wear 2-4 and am swimming in x - smalls . 
Too much trouble to send back . 
Time to get out the sewing machine . 
These fit at the waist not low rise . 
This is a flattering style I wear 99 % of the time . 
I find from one pair of xxs to another they vary a tad as to the fit , but given the price and mass production I guess that is to be expected . 
I was a little nervous after reading claims by some reviewers that this is an inferior made-in-China version , but a close visual and tactile comparison to my OEM Seiko band proved otherwise ... it's identical in every respect.Briefly considered getting a nylon NATO or Zulu type band , but was uncertain about how it would actually look---no on-wrist photos of them on Amazon ! 
So I chickened out and stayed with the devil I know instead , which was about the same price or less . 
Twenty one bucks for a piece of rubber seems a bit high , but oh well ... 
I have been pining for these shoes for the last 8 years . 
Finally got them . 
Now I have them again . 
Fits down to my thighs eliminating need for panty girdle . 
This came sooo quickly ! 
When I first tried it on I was so excited to add it an outfit ! 
I wear it under almost all of my button up shirts and will most likely order at least one more ! 
Nice quality and sparkle like crazy ... 
I've never had a sandal that didn't hurt my feet after wearing them , because I have high arches . 
They are very stylish , and come in multiple colors . 
I look at that as an added bonus . 
I lost a pair of sandals in Mexico and a friend had a spare set of Reef Fannings . 
They blew me away . 
I promptly picked up a pair and have been wearing them in the spring and summer ever since . 
I spend 80 % of my life in flip flops and sandals . 
These are made to last . 
They withstand any kind of abuse and temperature . 
Reef's aren't cheap but worth their money . 
Don't even bother with cheap ones . 
What's more to say ? 
I own three pairs of Reef Fannings.These are the most comfortable , dressy and casual flips you can wear . 
I have a super clean pair for summer nights when I need to dress up , a worn pair for daytime activities and a backup pair to change into in case my nice ones get worn out.The built in bottle opener has come in handy many times . 
They will take time to stretch and will be perfect within the first 5-10 times you wear them . 
Footbed is a little slick to start until broken in . 
These are a replacement for my husband's other Reef Fanning sandals . 
He wore them so much they finally wore out . 
These fit him very well . 
That being said , they also fit well on others ( with feet of normal width ) who have tried them on . 
They fit great and provide much needed support for his back . 
You really can't beat a pair of Reefs . 
My 4 yr old grandson wears them , my husband and I wear them , and our kids love them . 
these sandals are awesome . 
Do not get a smaller size , get a half size bigger if you have the option of going bigger or smaller . 
They are well made . 
My last ones lasted 2 years and never stunk . 
For some reason , these do not store feet smell . 
lol . 
Not that mine are terrible , but sandals are known to get smelly . 
My last ones eventually failed when the toe strap became brittle due to too many days at the beach and standing in salt water . 
Good enough that I bought them again . 
better than most junk out there . 
The bottle opener in the bottom of the shoe is a novelty but I don't actually use it ( who wants to walk all over and then put your drink on the bottom of your shoe ? ! ) 
I suppose if I were stranded on a beach with a six pack and no way to open it , I might reconsider the usefulness of this feature though . I would recommend these shoes , however I don't recommend using the bottle opener unless you just wear these around your house ! 
I am returning these particular one because the picture shown with a tan like accent and the brown strap is what I wanted but received a brown accent not tan . 
Each sandal has a bottle opener on the underneath of the sandal ( interesting ) . 
Shipping was securely packaged . 
My wife has spent the past 2 years trying to tell me how great the Reef sandals are . 
OMG my wife was right . 
these sandals are perfect . 
Its an ok flip flop , but a bit too pricey for another purchase . 
I really like my Nike articulate thong flip flops . 
Never used the bottle opener on the bottom of the shoe . 
Kinda silly . 
I have been wearing Reef sandals for several years . 
Never disappointed with this brand . 
My husband slipped these on and said Wow . 
This is a stylish and good looking shoe which is well made . 
I would have kept the shoe but the fit was too tight . 
Good for the price .. 
Overall it is okay and I recommend it over other brands 
This shoe is basically the same shoe that Florsheim sells as the " Riva " The only difference that I can see is one has " Florsheim " printed inside and the other has " Bostonian . 
The Riva is $ 110.00 . 
Excellent quality but they are very heavy 
I wear size 11 and these fit perfect right out of the box . 
The design is very simple , but the materials are high quality and should last for years . 
There is no tread on the soles , so they are not the best hiking boots . 
Low profile . 
My most recent pair seem to be much stiffer than I remember them being in the past . 
Who knows . 
And they're no longer continued so I can feel a little special . 
I wear with Chinos or jeans . 
Very well manufactured , this is no cheaply made shoe . 
I like Clark's shoes . 
The leather is thick and durable ( again , better quality and finish than the Bushacre ) , and wears well , showing distress and creases like a patina . 
Wouldn't ever polish or treat these--they just look better a bit worn.So they're made in Vietnam or China , unlike your favorite 10 - year old British or or Italian pair of Kenneth Coles or whatever , but these guys last a good long while and they're basically impervious to shifts in fashion ( like any good piece of menswear ) but remain a little edgy . 
And the price is right.Quick note for the high school or college student : these can literally dress with anything , including suits , so if you need a pair of shoes for weddings , commencements , interviews , churches or making a nice impression on parents or whomever , these work in lots of situations . 
Love my new Clark's boot I don't why I'm so addicted to these shoes they fit and feel great on my feet . 
This boot does run a bit on the large side . 
I would prefer a bit more arch support , but overall I really like the style and comfort for the price . 
Has become one of my go to shoes on the weekend . 
The sole starts to wear in the middle which causes your feet to also wear more in the middle . 
Consequently wearing them day after day caused me pain in the middle of my foot as it sank to the middle of the gummy bottom . 
I made sure to try them on at a nearby Clarks outlet and was very surprised to find that I needed to wear an 8.5 sized boot . 
The leather seems to be high quality and looks beautiful . 
Once they're broken in , they feel almost like slippers . 
What more could you ask for ? I will undoubtedly wear these until they fall apart , then buy another pair , and repeat ! That said , here's some sizing advice : I would suggest ordering these one-half size smaller than you usually wear . 
Some reviewers say to order a full size smaller , but for me , that would be too much . 
I usually wear a 10.5 , and I bought these in a 10 ; they seemed quite snug at first , but after a few weeks , they fit like a glove ! 
They also seem to be relatively narrow shoes , so if you usually wear wides , you might want to stay away.The only small negatives : They provide almost no arch support ; my feet don't mind this , but yours might . 
Finally , they don't seem to breath all that well , but that might just be the way all-leather shoes are.As far as care goes : I have been inserting Woodlore cedar shoe trees immediately after taking my boots off each day , and I think this will help greatly in keeping them looking great for a long time to come . 
The Clarks site suggests using a conditioner / protector with oils and lanolin , so I applied some Dr . Martens Wonder Balsam ( which contains lanolin , oil and beeswax ) . 
It did provide the conditioning and protection I was looking for , though.So ... buy a pair now - you won't regret it ! 
My father had this shoes about 35 years ago . 
He handed down to me , and I wore it in college . 
Then , it died . 
I'm going to buy another set of this , so I can pass it down to my child . 
Very nice looking , but tha't all positve I can say , but very basic construction too : No lining , not Footbed.This is not a shoe I can consider confortable . 
I bought it for my husband who is a big Clarks fan since childhood . 
We saw them in the Manhattan NY and he tried them on but they cost almost double in the store . 
So he was very happy then he got them and there was no surprises because he tried them on before . 
Now I got one problem - he doesn't wear it because he keeps it for special occasions so I don't get to see the shoes too often :-( 
I can't say anything bad about these . 
I love the wear they have now . 
I actually expected to have to replace the shoe strings much sooner since they look cheap but so far , so good ! 
Really very fashionable and nice to wear .. I enjoy wearing them as they are very soft and fitting . 
I will order again . 
Love my shoes I've been trying to find these shoes for a long time I remember these shoes from my youth when they were in style . 
Anything else just doesn't compare , close but no cigar . 
He wore them faithfully in the 80 ' s and what can I say , he's a real " 80 ' s man " lol . 
The sizing was a bit tricky . 
He normally wears size 10 , but we had to go with an 11 so I guess they run a bit small . 
These shoes are timeless classics IMO . 
I think this is a must for any guy young or old . 
I have Bostonians that are 30 years old but these shoes are not half the quality of my older pairs . 
I take a 10.5 ( a little on the wide side ) so I debated between 10 and 11 . 
I chose 11 and they fit me perfect . 
Just a little room in front of my " big " toes which helps avoid stubbing them . 
however , in my opinion they went and put the Strap for tightening the sandal on the WRONG SIDE . 
I love to shop at Amazon more exclusive and if something happens or I get something wrong Amazon has always made   responsible and better ; acquires another company uses Amazon are excellent , Amazon is always an excellent product.shoes , for example , I love the shape , the comfort of the beautiful in all that I can even give gende and love and is also bought through Amazon , as well as any product I buy , is really cute . 
My husband was very pleased when I gave these to him for his birthday . 
They were called Chukka Boots or Wallabees , but we now call them Walter White Shoes ( Breaking Bad reference ) . 
He especially likes the cushiony gummy sole . 
Came on time on in perfect condition ... who did not have these in the 70 ' s ! ! 
these are the originals too ! ! 
No copies ! ! 
I'm wearing mine with renewed pride ... 
seems well made and does what intended . 
Very large brim so really covers the neck area to shade head and neck . 
Lots of circulation for the noggin . 
I purchased this hat to use when riding my TerraTrike and hiking . 
Very well constructed with no loose ends etc ... 
The fabric feels nice and the hat is what I would call a low rider ... meaning you do not have a huge top ... I have tried some other outdoor light weight hats and while they were nice they tended to be a little overdone . 
This hat is just right . 
I wear a size 8 in official MLB hats ... this is the only truly fitted cap I wear and that size is just a little too big.This XL hat goes down over my big head and when pressed far down the top of my head is actually in contact with it ... Which is what I want . 
Do not want it blowing away . 
This is my second Henschel hat ... the other being the all leather variety.Henschel does not sell direct so I got this one from a company on Amazon called ... Work Wear savings . 
BUT on the packet there is a coupon code for 10 bucks off on a 99 dollar purchase . 
Not bad ... I am off to scope out the sportsman guide web site now . 
My husband had one and he liked it so well that I ordered myself one . 
Tried and true " ye olde cotton house coat " design . 
No surprises at a good value for money price . 
That said , the picture has a greyish tinge but the house coat has in fact a lily-white quilted shoulder area and the stripes are a pretty pestel rainbow stripe . 
Any unexpected features are therefore all pleasant . I had difficulty with my coat in transit and the customer service was excellent even though the fault my not have been National's . 
I am now a loyal National customer . 
Saves trips putting things back where they belong . 
Wish it had a zipper instead of the snaps . 
Will probably put one in . 
The snaps seem to gape when sitting . 
Fit as expected and is becoming fun to wear for breakfast . 
This is a little tight across the shoulders for me so it is not as comfortable as I would like a house coat to be . 
Not entirely the fault of the design as that is frequently a problem fit for me but the trapunto yoke house coat I bought fits perfectly . 
I wasn't thinking and ordered " Red " but it worked just fine and looked great . 
Easy to wear , looked cute , and my student got a good laugh out of it . 
The earrings are delightful . 
I put them on the same day they came in and have worn them everyday since . 
Get compliments . 
Not heavy and go good when I wear anything black . 
I've been using Maidenform " One Fab Fit " for years , and have found that I cannot beat the quality or the fit . 
I've purchased more expensive " name brand " bras only to have them fall apart in no time . 
I tried it on as soon as it was delivered . 
I ordered 38D . 
It fits purfect . 
It stays up and has great support . 
It also came with clear straps . 
That was a bonus . 
If your looking for a strapless bra that is low cut and won't fall down , this would be the bra for you ! 
Beautiful product in both design and craftsmanship ! 
! 
Wanted a hat for my fishing trips and i liked this style . 
The strap looks good and serves a purpose for when you dont want the hat on your head . 
While I know that some people may use handcuffs for crazy reasons , I was trying to put a cowboy costume together for a play.These handcuffs were perfect since they are easily removed with or without a key . 
I may have gone with a 1/2 size larger just for the space . 
I used to buy Adissage sandals every two years because that's about as long as they lasted for me , just wearing them in the summer . 
I'm a size 7 but in this style I could really use a 6.5 , except they don't make half sizes . 
So my feet would always look a little lost in them , but I'd tighten the strap to keep them on my feet and wear them at home and walking the dogs on fairly tough , hilly high desert terrain . 
And of course , the sole would be worn down and I'd be sliding down slopes . 
Which meant it was time to buy another pair for the next year.But it looks like I won't be buying these sandals this year . 
I've been pricing them on Amazon and other places online , and I think they're expensive for what you get and how long they last , and there's really not much of a selection . 
I suspect there's a lot of snob appeal to these sandals and the company deliberately makes them a little hard to find . 
Prompt delivery , well packaged . 
Vendor fulfilled their end of the bargain . 
For whatever reason the shoes ( clearly marked size 13us ) fit more like size 12 . 
My toes were smashed in the end of the shoe . 
I didnt even try to stand up . 
My 19 - year old son is hard on shoes , and tends to run through sneakers pretty fast , but these appear to be holding up OK . 
inside of the shoe hold feet comfortably snugly .  Never actually wear them for soccer or even tie them but they are durable , casual and great walking shoes . 
not sure why i bought thought it would be cool but nubs really hurt they ended up in a free pile . 
not worth trying to send back or re sell . 
guess i made somebody else in the apartment complex happy though lol ... 
Without socks they hurt . 
I had to agree after I gave them a try . 
they were too wide at the toes , and my little toe was almost coming out of the whole , a problem I have had with other keen sandals I tried 
No problems wearing them straight out of the box . 
Not really a problem , though . 
Depending on the shoe make , I wear either an 8 or 8 1/2 , but Keens seem to run a little small . 
I ordered size 9 , the only size 9 shoes I have , but they fit great . 
I like the style of these better . 
in it . 
They're comfortable , cute as heck , fit very well with plenty of room in the toe box , and people actually stop me to ask about them . 
The sole is made of a sturdy rubberish material that seems like it will resist damage and foot odor , and the lacing / tightening cord on the top is perfect for insuring an ideal fit . 
These shoes are such great support and are worth every penny . 
I read from other reviews to order a half size up , and I agree . 
These fit very snug and are perfect for any outdoor activity . 
OMG . 
Great for hiking , walking , and soon will test out at festival-going ! 
They do not seem to need ANY break-in . 
As all the reviews state , go up by half size . 
I wear a 9 and got a 9.5 . 
I may have been able to get by with a 9 , but I'm very happy.Yay for upcoming Bonnaroo 2014 ! 
Keens are being manufactured so that they are much more narrow than they have been in previous years . 
This makes it very difficult to figure out your correct size . I'd originally ordered a pair to replace the pair I've been wearing for three years now in the same size only to find that they felt and looked like they were a full size smaller both in width and from heel to toe.Be careful of who you purchase from on Amazon for this reason . 
They only provide a generic label to fill out so that you can pay the shipping yourself . 
This was particularly misleading because according to even the shipping invoice they are supposed to follow amazon's return policy . 
I ordered them online - - and I think I probably just got the wrong type of Keens . 
I returned them . 
They felt like hard plastic inside , and I had a good idea I'd hate ' em wet . 
They'd be slippery inside with no good way to get a grip - - of course they'll dry quickly , but they felt so so slippery and like very hard cheap plastic inside . 
I didn't like it at all . 
The toe area fit pretty much like how the picture looks - - it was huge and I felt like I was wearing clown shoes . 
Maybe you get use to it . 
I'm glad that I got these a whole size bigger so they are wide enough . 
I will also be wearing a thin sock with this because my pinkie toe seems to rub . 
I like the hard toe protection and the tread on these . 
After getting the green color my husband said the green shows up real well so I can be seen better when walking on the street . 
Should last me many miles ... 
Great support too . 
True to size , ( 7 ) in length and width . 
I'm interested in the function of the shoes I buy , as well as the fit and look . 
These are perfect for me . 
Would I order them again ? 
You bet I would ! 
I've been wearing KEENs for quite a few years now and wanted a new color . 
These KEENs are the same good quality of my old ones and fit just as expected . 
Sandals were very nice however totally different fit from the 3 pairs of Keens I already own . 
Very disappointed . 
I'm floored by the quality of these shoes . 
I've tried other sports sandals . 
Other brands fit so off and tend to have an arch so high that my foot cramps within minutes . 
I could wear these shoes all day ! 
Doesn't feel like I'm walking on big rubber soles ... if you've worn competitor brands you know what I'm talking about . 
I hope they last a long time . 
I would have rated these 5 stars for the show itself and the comfort factor , but was a tad disappointed to find that these run on the small side . 
I tend to wear a size 9 in shoes , but buy a 9.5 in sneakers to allow for socks . 
Since I was planning on wearing these without socks I purchased a 9 and although they are nice and wide in the toe and foot bed , they JUST fit ( my heel may hang off a tad ) on the other end . 
I didn't want to bother returning them and will definitely buy again , but just order 1/2 size larger next time.Excellent quality . 
The brand is my go-to shoe . 
I ordered the Green / Yellow ones instead . 
Love the arch support . 
These sandals looked great but were too tight over my foot . 
They would be find for someone with a more narrow foot . 
These Keens fit snug and are great shoes ! 
Thanks ! 
My wife is slightly disabled and she used this backpack on a 6 week trek through Europe . 
Pehaps it  s best feature is it forced her to pack light ( me too as I had a pack of my own ) ! 
We did take care not to drag it up steps as you can only expect the wheels to take so much abuse . 
If it don  t fit in the backpack or in your small hand carry , then leave something behind . 
My daughter loves this backpack . 
It fits everything , including clothes , and the pattern is really nice , doesn't show dirt either ! 
I have been using this for almost 2 years now with no problems at all . 
I use it to carry my heavy nursing books and it has outlasted many of my classmates book bags . 
Can't go wrong with Zebra and print for a too-be teenage girl ! 
THis is perfect , very well made and my daughter loves it ! ! 
THIS BRAND OF BACKPACK HAS FOLLOWED ME THRU ALL OF MY SCHOOLING AND THE STRAPS HAVE NEVER BROKEN , NO ZIPPERS EVER STUCK AND IT'S ALWAYS PROVIDED A SAFE WAY TO CARRY ALL OF MY BOOKS WHILE EVENLY DISTRIBUTING THE WEIGHT OF THE LOAD . 
MY THIRD JANSPORT BACKPACK IN 22 YEARS . 
THEY REALLY LAST ! 
I've heard good things about jansport and this backpack certainly lives up to the tale ! 
I can fit four 1 inch binders , two text books , a couple of other books , calculator , pencils , pens , my agenda , and more ! ! 
So far it's pretty sturdy ! 
Is not nearly as big as they try make you think it is on the video , the lady says she is going to college and she can fit 10 textbooks in here while I bought it and 3 textbooks were hard to fit in the bag 
The neon pink also renders me highly visible when I'm walking around , which I need since there are so many terrible drivers about . 
I expect this backpack to last me forever , so I guess I'll check in in a few years . 
Lots of compartments for school items and books . 
Definitely would buy again . 
These bags last a long time too . 
Very light when empty and has padded straps . 
Bright , almost neon pink . 
I am a graduate student and have to carry a lot of books all the time , this backpack is so spacious I can fit everything in it ! 
And it was cheap too ! 
! 
the biggest thing with this backpack that might be an issue is the lack of padding - if you're planning to lug a lot of heavy stuff whenever you use it , it'll be uncomfortable . 
Just as in the picture . 
Cute and functional . 
I bought this backpack for my 6 year old , but as soon as I got it , I thought , " this is NOT going to last ! 
This backpack is poorly made , with cheap materials . 
It feels weak , like it's going to rip soon . 
Of course , you can get back to me in 6 months , and I am happy to report to you then , if I was wrong . 
Oh , another disappointment I seemed to have missed when I purchased this backpack , is there aren't ANY external netted , water bottle holders :( 
everything else about it seemed alright . 
standard jansport backpack . 
very light weight I have everything in this backpack . 
Too much love it would buy again but with more compartments 
Got this for my very picky 20 year old son and he loves it . 
That's enough of a recommendation for me ... lol 
I needed a back pack to get through the awkward stages following knee surgery . 
This backpack is very roomy and I get compliments about how pretty it is . 
It is perfect for a middle school aged child . 
i also like the simplicity of the backpack . 
Disappointed with the backpack . 
this little backpack is basically perfect . 
i'm never going back to purses when these things are around . 
it can hold : a sweater and jeans ; four beer bottles ; a foot-long sub ; medium-bulky headphones and a stolen baguette . 
The canvas is very thin , not what I expected . 
Actually it seems like the sort of thing that would come with a baby doll . 
Disappointed and returned . 
Second hand doesn't line up . 
Bezel doesn't turn freely . 
Date and day were hard to adjust . 
Overall quality is not good so returned . 
price would indicate that it is-but no it is not-i bought another for less than half of that price and it fits and does not roll-i will just dump it-a lesson learned 
I ordered the correct size , and it fits well . 
The only thing I really don't like is that the boning really doesn't hold you in . 
It pulls you in , but you still have an obvious belly , so anything I wear over it you can see the line of hook and eye down the front . 
I have to say , I like the Rago one I got right before this one arrived . 
It works much better to pull me in where needed and make my curves stand out . 
very happy with this product , it fit as expected and I overall very happy with product , i would recommend to a friend . 
I do feel the support but it won't cinch your waist . 
However I did have back surgery about 2 mos . 
ago and I do find that it does support my mid section . 
I have a bulky back brace the doctor prescribed for me after surgery but it makes me look like a ninja turtle so I seldom wear it . 
This corset doesn't roll up , stays in place all day , smooth's out those unsightly muffin tops , I wear mine every day . 
However it does show under t-shirts but I don't mind the support it lends out weighs the fact that the little hooks show through . 
It would be fine as long as you never had to move , or sit down . 
it work as thant my girlfriend loves the fect that she has am hour glass shape now it will do a good job for you 
Right now i cannot wear it because of medical conditons . 
as soon as i get rid of this tube in my side , i will start using it full time . 
i dont like the fit . 
I weight 125 and the Med would not even fit over my calfs . 
I was disapointed with the fit or no fit . 
Something should be done about the miss information on the sizing . 
Flexees - well after my first order to fit me ... they came and did not fit .. 
So i sent back and order the next size .. and I am so happy I did .. 
Maybe it might be best to order your next larger size .. 
I really feel that wearing these beautiful [ and they really are beautiful ] panties , that i go Down ONE size , maybe more--and that is in a straight dress . 
NO Tummy or Excess hips .. 
I wore this under a new dress that showed my pudgy stomach . 
It really held me in and gave me a smooth look in the dress . 
Not too much as to not breathe just as if you were sucking it in without actually sucking it in since at some point you relax and boom pudgy stomach ! 
My only complaint is the granny line I wish they came up higher in the leg but these were a good price good fit and actually do what they say . 
These are not for everyday as one reviewer said . 
I could not wear these everyday but definitely a must for date night in the slinky dress . 
The size chart is not helpful for these briefs because the size chart does not ask for hip measurements . 
It assumes that the bust and waist are proportioned to the hips and mine are not . 
My size in these ended up being XXL and I have never worn anything bigger than a size Large before . 
Even then , the leg holes are kind of restricting and I worried about losing circulation to my legs . 
Haha . 
I returned all of them and went with different shapewear . 
These fit well I just had a baby 3 months ago and wanted some control when I go out and about . 
I am 5 ' 1 143lbs for size comparison and the mediums where a good fit , they fit good around my legs and butt . 
I also bought the smalls and got them about to my thighs and took them back off , just to tight . 
Colors look as pictured , they look nicer in person . 
Ever since I discovered lilyette 10yrs ago it has been my only bra , cos it firms , holds , minimizes n shapes my boobs great , I wear 36DDD ... 
I have worn Lilyette bras for many years , but every time I go to get a new one , Lilyette is not making the one I like . 
This has happened twice . 
The one I got this time fits , but it does not minimize nearly like the old ones . 
Lilyette uses an excellent design for their minimizer bras . 
I was trying to replace a discontinued bra . 
When I searched for my old bra , this was suggested . 
I ordered my regaular size 34B but the bra would not stay up and felt a full band size too large . 
This bra basically smoothed my breasts down and was not flattering . 
The size was ok and same as my regular size of 34C . 
wanted this to wear soon for a function , but the size isn't true to size and it is to tight . I will keep it however and loose some weight and maybe be able to wear it . I suggest if you want one of these do a siize larger . 
I wear a 36 B and that is what I ordered but it was way to big . 
Will try 34 B next time . 
I bought three pairs of these , All the same size . 
They aren't the best cut boyshort but they aren't the worst quality . 
I would say eh . 
Low profile and stretchy . 
I would get more of these in the future for her . 
I all most had given up when I found this ! 
These boy shorts are cute and fun . 
Wish they had more colors . 
Only black and white in my size . 
Otherwise I would have given them 5 stars . 
These microfiber boyshorts do fit a tad big in the waist , but they are perfect everywhere else . 
I am hooked on these panties . 
Not a major problem . 
I have upwards of 20 pairs . 
They may run a tad large , but bigger is better than smaller . 
These are pretty good shoes . 
I ended up getting the Black and Red ones in size 11 . 
They fit well lengthwise but a little on the narrow side . 
Bought them elsewhere since they were a little cheaper than on here . 
I have never had a problem with buying Nike . 
These are great for walking and running . 
Also they are pretty so she like to wear them 
these training pants are perfect for boys or girls . 
They have the little front pocket for boys and still fit snug for a girl . 
However , if they do leak , they feel it quicker rather than they would in a diaper , so in addition to everything else , that makes them great potty training pants . 
I used the sizing chart and was really disappointed by the fact that they were very snug and the rise was two short . 
I'm giving them to my daughter who is a little shorter and a size smaller . 
My daughter and I wear leggings . 
They fit great and are not too short , tight in crotch area or waist . 
Perfect 
I am larger and need the slimming effect . 
They have the soft comfy feel of a slipper , and the full coverage of a loafer . 
This is my 2nd pair of size 7 moccasins . 
Would definitely order the same in the future ! 
I got these for my wife . 
My wife says some people will wear only these shoes because they believe standard-shoe-rubber insulates them from the earth , while these allow them to remain connected to it . 
They slip on and off . 
They look much better in person . 
They are very simple , no weird colors , no weird patterns , just nice clean lines that go with just about anything . 
I told her she shouldn't wear them outside because they're too pretty to get dirty , but she does , and they hold up ! Hope that helps ! 
Have worn them everyday since I got them . 
Very good quality . 
I really love these shoes . 
They are so comfy and wonderful and everything I could ever want in a shoe . 
I am a fan of this shoes really love them , would like the sole were thicker , any how they look so nice , have them in few colors , greats for travelling ... 
I was expecting more after reading the other reviews on this product . 
I normally wear a 6.5- 7 , but after reading the other reviews that said these shoes run large , I ordered a 6.5 . 
They were too small ( too short and too tight ) for my foot . 
So , I sent them back and got a 7 . 
The length is better , but they're still a little tight . 
I know they will stretch . 
I've been wearing them 1-2 times per week for roughly a month , and they already have some frayed fabric . 
The most annoying thing about these shoes is that the laces WILL NOT stay tied ! 
I'm thinking of gluing or sewing them down it's so bothersome . 
The shoes are a beautiful shade of blue . 
The material is soft . 
The fit is good and they are very comfortable to wear . 
I am a size 8 , I would advise anyone ordering to go a size larger than what they are . 
I wear a thin sock with mine cause my toes go to the end of the shoe . 
But that's no problem , it'll wash out and the excess dye will eventually rub out of the shoe.The leather is genuine and soft , and the sole is durable . 
If they don't , I'll update my review.Overall , I recommend this shoe ! 
Read almost all the reviews before I made the decision . 
I am usually a 7 , then I chose a 6 this time  way too small . 
When buying be sure to get a whole size down they will stretch in no time . 
I buy only minnetonka mocc's from now on . 
Previously I had purchased other Minnetonka shoes and they ran narrow , so I ordered a wide . 
Who knew . 
Fit is narrow . 
After that I walked around the house with them on , wearing 2 pairs of socks to stretch them a bit . 
However , after just 3 days of light wear , the lining of the soles are coming apart . 
The glue has become gummy and lost its adhesiveness , so I am unable to put the liners back in place . 
I am very disappointed in this product and I will think twice about buying another pair of Minnetonka's . 
Would definitely buy again . 
I have a pair of these moccasins and love them , I bought a pair for my husband for Christmas , and he now understands why I like mine so much . 
it does run narrow thought . 
I've been using Florsheim shoes for ten years now . 
I'll stop wearing them when they stop making them.Fit as expected , excellent quality . 
My shoes should be no less than that because I use them 12-14 hours a day . I buy them for me , my father and my father-in-law . 
For the going price of these shoes though I am a little upset that the sole is clearly plastic / rubber with a leather print . 
With that in mind I could not justify spending another $ 70 to get a leather bottomed wingtip . 
So far in wearing these shoes for around 10 days I have only suffered one crease I each shoe , and I have only had to polish the shoes once . 
They are a little pricey , but they wear well and last a long time . 
The moosehide is buttery soft and the size was perfect . 
I went with the usual size and it worked out well . 
They are great for just about wearing anywhere , with or without socks . 
I'll never buy any other kind ! 
Hardly know they are on my feet and truly soft . 
Love the hard sole and wear them out and about as well as for house shoes . 
I wear a size 10 and while they fit a bit tightly when I first started wearing them , within days they broke in . 
I wore some thick socks during cold weather and they stretched out a little more . 
( hate to wear any other kind ) 
I was having problems with my arms and these Moc's from Merrell are wonderful . 
They slip on easily and provide arch support . 
I wear these with professional orthotics as a nurse . 
I am on my feet for 12 hours a day . 
I used to have horrible foot pain after work but that is completely gone ! 
I have been looking for shoes similar to a pair of gray Nubuck Bare Traps I'd had for many years . 
They were so comfortable , always looked good even when they got wet in snow or rain . 
So when I saw the Merrills on Amazon I was ecstatic ! 
They are as good as , and maybe even better , as my old pair . 
I am so glad to have found these . 
I ordered these as an alternative to sneakers for work . 
I ordered my normal 10M , and these are at least 10.5 M . 
I'll keep them and wear thick socks , but I'll order another pair in 9.5 M and see how those do . 
They are like wearing slippers . 
Support is great and the sizing is perfect . 
So hard to find these wonderful shoes ! 
Don't discontinue them . 
I must have purchased 20 pairs in all colors over the years 
I have bad feet & use Birkenstock high arch orthotics in my shoes . 
Merrells work so well since they have excellent mid foot support . 
Due to a nerve condition in my feet , Tarsal Tunnel Syndrome , I can NOT wear shoes with laces . 
Merrells are the ONLY brand of traditional shoes I have found that do NOT put my feet to sleep . 
They offer top of the line mid foot support at a great price . 
I have been buying these for almost 14 years ( since I was 20 ) . 
This is probably my 4th pair . 
I live in Virginia but wear them year round in the morning . 
And , because they are sheepskin they stretch . 
So I will definitely buy these again when they wear out . 
It is just really hard to find perfectly fitting slippers . 
First , they only come in whole sizes . 
Second , slipper clogs seem to be the hot slipper item these days and if you have steep steps good luck with those . 
So all in all , while these are not perfect , they are about as good as it gets . 
Much softer fleece and comfier than Uggs . 
With my old pair worn to pieces , I had to get another pair . 
I hope they last as long as my old ones ! 
The fit was a tad tight on me but I am pretty sure they will stretch as I wear them . I do wish the lower portion of the shoe and heel were leather as well , personally I think they would wear better and longer.If you have never tried out the Florsheim brand , treat yourself to one of the nicest looking and most comfortable shoes out there . 
The shoes look and feel great , but am concerned that the tears , where they connect to the sole of the shoe on both shoes , will only get worse.For $ 110 , I expected much better . 
I am keeping these shoes but I don't think that they will last very long . 
The shoes look good , seem sturdy and are attractive , and at first I raved about how much less likely they might be to fall apart than Sperry Topsiders , which are softer , more pliable and flimsier . 
But after wearing these shoes for a good month or so , they haven't loosened up any , and they squeak when I walk , no matter whether I wear them barefoot or with cotton or synthetic socks . 
Nothing makes the squeaking stop unless maybe if I walk like a duck . 
Maybe I just got the wrong size , I don't know , but I'm probably not going to buy another pair , I will go back to Topsiders . 
hard to find a pair of black boat shoes that actually match everything . 
don't waste your money on black leatherish ones like I used to because they fade and get smudgy ultra quick . 
I really like this shoe and am glad I bought it . 
it is just like the picture on the site . 
They were also the exact shade to match his navy blazer , so they were a nice finishing touch to his boating association dress attire . 
Fit and finish are excellent for the size 9 - Ds I bought . 
These are flat shoes , so you need a little room in the full width of the shoe . 
Also good fit in the heel . 
I purchased this shoe with the understanding that I would stretch it to accommodate my wide foot . 
I've been hunting for these shoes for quite some time and finally found the level of comfort and stylish fit that goes great with khakhis . 
Well worth the money ! 
It is not . 
Just got mine today . 
Straight out of the box you know you've purchased a beautiful , well-made shoe . 
So , be sure to order a half-size larger and wider than you normally would . 
Otherwise , you ARE going to need some shoe stretchers GUARANTEED . 
I bought this shoe a little bigger than I normally wear based on customer reviews and the shoes fit a little loose because of that decision . 
Recommend them for wear in the office or casual with jeans . 
A real winner , can wear heavier socks with them and no binding or a too tight feeling . 
I mean really ? 
The fit is good and it looks very good . 
Recommend this shoe to anyone interested . 
He decided to keep them and wear them with thicker socks , but he thinks they're roughly a half-size too big , but shoe factories don't make 14.5 and he knows a straight 14 will hurt his feet . 
He owns black and now brown and can't live without them ! 
Cole Haan is he high quality . 
That said , I love these ... they're durable , I love the length at just about my knee , maybe a little below , and they fit great . 
If you like the length of these , but can't deal with the waist height , check out the plaid Dickies shorts - still longer , still durable , but less rough material and they sit a little lower . 
Good shorts , a bit snug , but I know Dickies pants run a bit smaller than sized . 
If you go up a size you may be OK . 
Unless you are Ed Norton cleaning sewers , these are not for you . 
They are stiff and lacking any sense of style . 
That being said I am less enthused about the lack of a button fly . 
Instead it has one of those clasps , the kind they put on dress pants . 
In my experience those clasps don't last very long , which is why I thought it a strange choice for such otherwise durable shorts . 
That doesn't make me biased , though , and I like these sneakers as much as any others I've ever had . 
They fit great ! 
Not a complaint to be found on this product . 
Size is great , maybe a smidge on the wide side and I ordered the regular size M size . 
They are very comfortable and I always can tell immediately after putting on a pair of new shoes . 
My husband normally wears a size 13 E . By buying double E's , they still fit him pretty well . 
That's the only down side to having the same size as many others . 
They tend to go out of stock quickly . 
Well made , with one exception : the Tongue has a fabric " hook " at the top . 
No biggie for me ... but that is what happened .. 
. 
I only recommend one thing : purchase the next size you usually use . 
It worked for me . 
I walked with them for a while and I feel very fresh my feet . 
They are made in Vietnam . 
Definitively recommend this shoes . 
One for me , and one for our son ( 17 ) . 
No complaints.Fast free shipping , fair pricing , quality product , adiquate packaging . 
What more can we ask for , right ? 
Thank you Amazon.com . 
My son loves them . 
Skechers have now become our go to brand over New Balance . 
I'm glad I got them . 
Great looking , great fitting , and great wearing shoe . 
I get a lot of compliments on these White Oxfords . 
I wash these prior to wearing , and let them dry at room temp . 
They fit and wear perfect . 
I highly recommend these if you are looking for a quality walking or running show without breaking the bank . 
They are a comforable , good looking , and a quality made shoe . 
I basically just use them for walking . 
! 
I RECIEVED THE SHOE ON TIME AND WORE THEM RIGHT AWAY . 
they looked good but weren't nearly as comfortable as i was expecting . 
i ended up returning them . 
i expected better after reading the reviews , so i was disappointed . 
My husband loves these shoes , so as soon as they start showing wear , I order another pair ! 
These shoes are the best shoes I have bought in a long time ! 
I needed some walking shoes that could hold up to the winter ice and snow , and these are perfect for my needs ! 
I read the reviews from others who purchased these shoes who have health problems that affect their legs , which I relate to , and am glad I followed their recommendation of these shoes ! 
I would give them more than five stars if I could . 
I can get away with them at work and they are perfect for bike riding ! 
! 
These sneakers support the foot well and allow for spending hours walking about in comfort . 
Nice-looking with good texturing . 
I found this to really work for me . 
The price is right . 
I stand all day at my job , and have tried many different shoes , and my feet will still hurt , but not when i wear these . 
I have stuck with this shoe . 
They really hurt my feet . 
I am trying to break them in although I have never had to do this with Skechers before . 
I CANNOT wear them to work so I guess I will just wear them around the house . 
I suggest another kind of Skechers for people on their feet throughout the day . 
I do NOT like them ! 
Makes going to work more tolerable since my feet don't hurt even after 8 hour days . 
These shoes are pretty comfortable , however they do fit a little smaller than my regular size , I wish I would have gotten a 1/2 size bigger . 
These shoes are perfect . 
They are exactly what I was expecting and very comfortable too . 
I would definitely recommend them . 
Such was the case with this shoe . 
I've wanted a pair for quite some time and I was pleasantly surprised to see it discounted over 40 % a little while ago and decided that it was now or never . 
I ordered size 10 . 
It was immediately apparent that my size in this model was actually a half-size lower , so I immediately requested an exchange . 
Amazon makes this easy and , even though the price had gone up substantially , I wasn't charged the difference . 
I received size 9 1/2 a couple of days ago and immediately started wearing them . 
The fit is perfect and the experience I've had thus far exceeds my expectations . 
I've read other reviews that describe this shoe as being on the heavy side . 
Possibly , however I will say that , in my opinion , any shoe that affords the degree of comfort and support this one does will have what I would term a " substantial presence . " I do not find it to be excessively heavy and my feet do not fatigue with extended wear . 
Although I've only had it for a couple of days , I can already envision this shoe to be a favorite . 
I almost wish I'd purchased 2 pair at the price I paid . 
I'd recommend this shoe to anyone wishing an upscale look that offers great support and comfort . 
I watched the price fluctuate in my shopping cart under " Saved for Later " for several months before I finally went for it . 
I've only seen it offered lower once ( 27 cents ) , so I bought as close to the bottom as possible in my opinion . 
Possibly you can do as well if you're patient . 
My shoes arrived yesterday , and there were some scuffs on the toes and a gouge on the back of one . 
The right shoe had a mark in it that looked like a wide felt tip pen had glanced across it , and upon further inspection was likely to be an area of excess dye . 
I requested a return.So why four stars a out of five for a returned item ? 
All in all they are great shoes . I suppose these had been on display somewhere for a while , and that might explain the relatively low price . 
The issue doesn't seem to be a Mephisto problem , so I am not going to dock but one star . 
The footbed and insole were noticeably uneven , as you can feel that the heel padding was very pronounced under the foot . 
The insole is very thin under the ball of the foot without any padding there at all.The heel seems to be way too high , these shoes had a very noticeable 1.5 inches of heel height . 
As I am 6 foot tall , I don't need any heel lift , I think this may have been a mislabeled production run of the platform shoes version . 
Actually made me feel self conscious about the extra height since it was so obvious.The sizes are a full size too large , I will try re-ordering a 10.5 and I wear a 11.5 normally . 
These shoes are also kinda heavy . i put some different insoles from a pair of skate shoes and the ball of the foot felt much better , and the footbed felt more level as if the heel height wasn't so pronounced . 
For an expensive shoe like this , I shouldn't have to replace the insole to achieve proper cushioning or to make the shoe feel better.The tongue has very little padding and should be 1/2 inch longer . 
I do like the quality construction and materials and the subtle " formal skate shoe " looks though . 
Would prefer if they changed the D rings to actual eyelets instead , as i like to keep my laces loose , and D rings kinda look cheesy , hopefully my pants will cover them up though . 
Ordered a medium width . 
Much too large in the heel area.For a walking shoe not very flexible and shoes seemed to be very heavy.Quality of workmanship was excellent.Shoes were returned to Amazon with no problem . 
For dockers cap toe shoes these are good so far . 
Size was right on and no glaring imperfections or pitfalls in the early running so to speak 
As above , try them on at a local retailer for size and fit . 
I wear mine with Smart Sole inserts . 
The savings on shipping and tax have beat out buying these on the economy . 
On a rotation , I have five pair of shoes that I wear through the week , two of them are these . 
I bought these Black Dockers Men's Gordon Cap Toe Oxford shoes , because of Dockers Brand name , and the price . 
But now I realize only the uppers are leather , the rest of the construction is man made materials . 
I would've preferred to pay more and get a pair of shoes wholly made of real leather . 
However the workmanship these shoes looks pretty good . 
So , time will tell if I bought a pair of shoes that will last a long time . 
Dockers Men's Gordon Cap Toe Oxford , Blacki needed new church shoes because my old one were too smallthese are okay and 41 dollars is preety steep and therei s no toe roomthey are still pretty good shoes . 
These shoes look great and I'm expecting he will get a lot of wear out of them 
I noticed that the heel portion becomes a little too stiff and make my heel soar a bit . 
I threw a gel insert an problem is gone . 
Would recommend this shoe for that role . 
They also have some treads in the soles so you don't feel like you're going to die if you walk on something somewhat slick . 
I saw that Dockers Shoes were on sale on Amazon . 
I wear a size 11.5 and these fit perfect . 
The grained finish hides some sins , but does seem to get scuffed easily . 
Great for this terribly snowy winter we've been having in NY ! 
I put sno-seal on the boots 
So yea ! , I learn something here for holiday , no matter what you get or what you give everyone will say : I LOVE IT ! ! ! 
! In this case this boots were for my husband , he loves Caterpillar Men's 2nd Shift 6 " Plain Soft Toe Boot , and has to be this exact style or he wil freak out ! 
! 
They feel like high quality boots and some times you need some stompers . 
But these boots are heavy even for stompers . 
They are well made and I took one star off for how heavy they are . 
However there's nothing " soft " , shoes are hard as rock . 
After wearing them for a month they become a bit softer , but first few days my feet were in stress . 
No slippage in the snow , waterproof , and has a good nice fit . 
Can't get much better . 
theses fit perfectly and are made very wellthey could be much better with a more comfy insoleand a few days are needed to break in the stiff leather 
My assuredly worth the cost . 
I typically wear a size 12 ( with some Reef's I even wear an 11 ) .. 
I ordered the XXL size of these Rainbow sandals and they fit perfectly .. the straps are a bit tight but will loosen up after a while.Also - these came in a sealed plastic bag , and have a very strong " new " smell to them .. enough to give me a headache .. 
The strap leaves little space although the sandals do conform to your feet with time . 
I wear size 10 or 10.5 and these fit me perfectly . 
My last pair lasted me 2 years of very regular wear before wearing holes in the soles , so I picked up another pair . 
I live in Southern California and wear these every day . 
The Fit as expected . 
The price was much better than brick and mortar stores . 
He's a size 8 in shoes and I'm pretty sure i bought him the medium size 
But I am told that they really like them , and the fit is what they like . 
But order in a size smaller ! 
you cannot go wrong with these ! 
These sandals in my option are not flexible at at all . 
But the sole is thick will probably last a long time . 
My feet just can't handle stiff shoes . 
I gave them away 
It's maybe a liittle big but nothing wrong . 
Good denim . 
No ... No ... No ! ! ! 
Not Dickies fault it was returned . 
It seems some customers ( ME ! ! ! ) 
can't order the right size . 
But I tried them on , and although too big , the quality was there . 
I just ordered the correct size after my faux pas . 
Bought this for my hubby . 
He loves to wear this , it's his favourite . 
I have purchased Dickie Jeans at several locations thru the years . 
These are just like all the rest , well made , long lasting and a good fit . 
I purchased these for my 6 ' 2 " slender son . 
I was so glad to find a well-made , heavy denim , reasonably priced pair of jeans that came in a 32 " waist and 36 " inseam . 
For $ 14 you can't beat these jeans ! 
The fabric seems durable and very dark blue with orange stitching . 
Make no mistake , these are not " high end " looking jeans - - but are perfect for working outside or around the house . 
They are very comfortable and I was able to wear them comfortably the very first time with no break-in , but there are a couple things that another purchaser may want to know ... I wear a U . S . women's size 10 shoe ( extremely consistently ) ... I ordered a 10 in these shoes and they are a bit big ... I could've gone with a 9.5 , so i would recommend ordering a half size smaller than usual . 
Also ... the " glitter " is not actually glitter . 
I was worried that it would be glitter because we all know how glitter can flake off and get all over everything , but it is actually tiny gold sequins which is very good . 
The only thing I do not like about the shoes are the soles ... they are blindingly white - makes me feel like George on that episode of Seinfeld where he wears those basketball jumping shoes and starts talking in 3rd person like Jimmy . 
Anyway , I think the soles would be much better in a tan color or even black . 
Hope this review is helpful ! 
Overall good shoes . 
Maybe the leather will stretch out and become softer after a few wears . 
These fit just like I recall my Sperrys fitting in the 80s . 
The pink soles are really fun without being too much . 
The colors are so adoable and I cant wait till spring . 
They are stiff at first but will eventually fit your cards . 
I have seven in the middle and one on each side . 
Like this hat very much . 
It is spiffy ! 
Perfect hat if u want that vintage look without looking like u just came back from fishing . 
I wear a 7 1/8 ball hat and a size small / med fit me perfectly . 
I saw this for my 15mo . 
And , it actually keeps it on ! 
Price is very good . 
My daughter asked for these boots for Christmas . 
She loves them . 
Her legs are very thin and she doesn't like her boots to flop around her calf so she loves these . 
But if you have muscular calves , make sure you measure to be sure of the fit . 
I was attracted to these at my local department store , and tried them on there . 
Fortunately so , for I knew to order a size 10 rather than my usual size 9 . 
Mephisto thinks that a European size 40 is a size 10.Amazon ' s price was much cheaper , so I ordered the shoes from them.The shoes are comfortable right out of the box and have great arch support , but they do tend to run narrow . 
My foot is average width , and they are barely wide enough for me . 
Took a little longer to receive than I expected , but it wasnt too long 
Fashionable and sensible . 
You can wear these sandals and walk for a long time and not have your feet or back hurt . 
I wear a size 8 but the Mephisto 8 is huge , so I ended up getting the 7 ( no half sizes in Mephisto , alas . ) 
I wear these all summer long . 
Even if I start out in a dress-up shoe with high heel , I carry the Mephistos to change into . 
The shape of your actual foot " molds " to the sole , so after you wear them in , they are like custom made shoes . 
The leather on these sandals looks so flimsy and cheap . 
These sandals run so small it is ridiculous . 
For such a high price it is just a shame . I am sending them back tomorrow . 
I have a narrow foot . 
It's really too large . 
I'll know in the future to order a slim . 
When I tried them on my feet were sort of hanging off a little at the sides . 
My feet are about average width and I really thought for a bit on whether or not I should just keep them . 
I ended up returning these and actually visiting the rainbow store . 
They really aren't that much wider than the women's , maybe a quarter of an inch . 
Just enough space for my feet not to hang over the edge . 
Rainbow Sandals are my absolute favorite . 
This is only my second pair , though I've been wearing them since 2007 ! 
My first pair lasted so incredibly long , and truly , if I had taken better care of them they would still work to this day . 
The leather will literally mold to fit your feet , and before you know it it's as if you are wearing a pair of custom made sandals . 
I had been wearing Z-coil shoes for the last 2 yrs and my feet must have changed , not really sure why but the Z-coils weren't as comfortable at all . 
The first day I wore these to work I took my old shoes just in case I couldn't take a whole day of breaking them in . 
Never needed to . 
I've been wearing these for a little over a week now , and my feet are happy happy happy ! 
I am a big walker and thought I would try these shoes instead of buying my usual Ryka brand . 
A nice shoe and seemed well made but just didn't feel good on my feet or give me the support I was looking for . 
Not my favorite . 
I wanted pockets but it really runs large . 
Try it in a size smaller and see what you think . 
Washes very well ! 
I put it in the dryer and it did not shrink . 
It is thick enough so you can't see through it but cool cotton that breaths . 
Like a $ 5 scrub top . 
Very disappointed . 
I'm definitely sending this back and will never buy from National . 
Sorry , but this is pathetic . 
The picture looks like it has some body to it . 
Like it kinda flows , but really it is just lifeless and really ugly . 
The worst purchase I have made with Amazon and I have made many . 
The price is low but ugly is ugly . 
I hate to be negative and I feel bad for my bluntness but I can't believe they send this out . 
Unfortunately these are larger and longer then expected , half way down my shin and I am 6 ' tall so I am going to donate them . 
I would purchase these again if I could find them in a shorter version . 
I own all the camo colors - tiger stripe camo ( not shown ) is actually my favorite.Not the highest quality shorts but for < $ 25 they are well worth the money . 
Construction is good ; although I recommend washing in cold water and hang dry to reduce any color fading and minimize possibly breaking the lightweight zipper or popping buttons.The long length is good for those 6ft and over . 
I like the adjustable waist as I tend to lose weight from end of Winter towards Summer . 
I can wear the same shorts and not worry about them being too tight at first then becoming too loose in the Summer . I also use these shorts for hiking and mountain biking . 
As described . 
This watch is super thin and very classy looking . 
The seller sent this quickly and arrived in great condition in the Skagen case . 
I bought this watch for my husband for Valentine's Day . 
He lost his last Skagen in his travels and was so sad . 
My 11 year old son has decided he wants one exactly like it cause as he says , it's very cool . 
High praise indeed . 
I cannot comment on the watch itself because I returned it after trying it on . 
The problem is with the band . 
As a result the band sticks out on both sides of the watch making it difficult for a shirt cuff to pass over it and making it unsightly and easily knocked or caught . 
It would be fine on anyone with a broad wrist but not on an average or smaller wrist.Pity . 
I spent a long time looking for a watch I liked and this seemed to fit the bill because it has a pleasant blue face with white fingers etc which are clearly seen . 
He loves it . 
Only reason it didn't get 5 stars is that with these mesh bands , there is a small metal plate where it attaches to the watch on each side that doesn't bend . 
It was the slightly smaller model--which I think has an advantage size-wise , but is missing the date function and seems to be less popular . 
I've long been a fan of Skagen watches . 
My last one actually got run-over ! 
I like the canvas material . 
No problems . 
unfortunately keds has changed their factory or something becauseall the keds this year fit differentlyhave been wearing keds for over 40 years and this years don't fit the samehowever if you used to wear a 9 mediumthis 9.5 narrow seems to be the same as the old 9 medium 
These shoes are so well-made and fun to wear . 
I can wear the shoes with almost any outfit . 
These shoes really are a cute , quality shoe . 
ALMOST READY TO ORDER ANOTHER PAIR . 
I add cushion insoles for wear at work where I am on my feet for a long time . 
I really like these shoes , but they were a bit large . 
I ordered a 6 and they were a little too big . 
The 7.5 was too long and we are reordering the 7.She has some keds already in a 7.5 , but does have one other pair that we had to reorder in the 7 . 
I am now sure why there is a difference and they do not all run the same . 
These look super cute and they are so comfortable , they actually have some arch support even though they look very flat . 
Keds fit true to size , I'm a 6 1/2 in them just like I am in everything else . 
don't wear wide shoes . 
I thought a medium would be fine . 
not in these shoes . 
I have never seen such narrow shoes . 
I ordered these to wear in the spring / summer . 
I'm always skeptical about buying shoes online as some styles run bigger or smaller than others . 
I am usually a size 6 , ordered a size 6 and they fit me perfectly so they do run true to size . 
I would have returned them if they didn't because me heels need it . 
I ordered them in white and they arrived in perfect condition . 
I can't wait to wear these with shorts , skinny jeans , capris and casual dresses . 
they are good for sunny weather , very comfy too ! 
She just loves them , says they are a perfect fit and her mother says she practically sleeps in them . 
So refreshing to see a teen wearing Keds instead of some $ 100 + celebrity name tennis shoe ! 
I bought these because I like to have a spare pair on hand at all times . 
and find them very versatile . 
So this particular pair will sit in the closet until I need them . 
I will buy a couple more for sure . 
For many years , I've worn this type of shoe . 
They always washed up nice and I could get at least three summers out of them . 
NOT THESE ! ! 
I washed them ONCE , by hand , with laundry soap and a little bleach . 
They're more yellow than white . 
I'm VERY disappointed - I finally decide to spend the money on some " quality " canvas shoes and get ripped off . 
They look terrible , the entire top and sides of them are yellow . 
I've washed them in just plain laundry soap and water , bleach and water , rinsed them in just water , used Sneaker Whitener . 
NOTHING WORKS . 
I will buy the " cheap " but QUALITY ones this coming summer and skip the Keds . 
I guess they'd be okay in colors , but I always liked white , with a tan and summer clothes , they would go with anything . 
Time to also send Keds an email now that I've found the details of my purchase . 
VERY disappointed . 
I was advised to wear shoes that were enclosed . 
Now my feet are very happy and at a price that doesn't kill my pocket . 
i like them as they are light and so nice with dress pands or wearing a suit they are comfortable 
I feel that its a little to big and it seems extremely long . 
If I wear this shirt I'm forced to tuck it in or else it looks like I'm wearing a dress . 
Next time I'd rather spend a little extra for a name brand shirt because I know it wont be crazy long on me . 
they fit as expected and met all my requirements for fitness pants 
Some people say they are 2 long like that's a bad thing ! 
I'll take 2 long over 2 short any day ! ! ! 
! 
As a previous review already mentioned as well these are really on the large side . 
Way too baggy for my taste . 
I bought these for my boyfriend who has been wearing two pairs of the same pants for nearly every other day of the week for at least 5 years . 
They held up well , but are looking drab and worn out . 
I have become so used to companies going to lower quality materials in the past few years , but these were still very nice . 
My only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 is the stitching seemed to be a bit off / uneven on the waistline - like they got past quality control and maybe should have been marked as irregular . 
I got these for jogging and playing a bit of basketball in . 
I really enjoy these and think they feel really comfrotable . 
I was a little worried about buying pants for hubby . 
I just went with the size of his underwear to figure out what size to get and it fits perfect . 
Hes 5 ' 10 and length is great . 
He wears these all the time . 
He would recommend . 
these has been used for over a year and it still has plenty of life on it.It hasn't faded much if at all and ill buy these again . 
This is a loose fit shirt if anyone is wondering 
I have a large chest and decided to shop for a few comfort bras recently , instead of worrying so much about what they look like . 
Playtex is the way to go for that , but I must say , this thing is kinda the worst of both worlds . 
It's really unpleasant to look at and makes my boobs look unnaturally pointy . 
I thought it looked like it had an excess of fabric when I decided to buy it , and it definitely does . 
I'd rather have an underwire than over an inch of structured fabric that is basically acting as a wire . 
I've been wearing it to the gym with one of those flimsy cloth sports bras over it , to cover up its scariness . 
Yet another Macgyver bra moment ... 
Fab fit ! 
! 
One tiny problem is that the top part of the bra tends to show in some of the shirts I wear . 
Not recommended for low neck shirts . 
I've washed it twice and it still smells . 
Like to the point where I'm worried that someone will wonder if that awful smell is coming from me . 
:( 
I accidentally ordered the wrong size , my bad . 
However , I ordered a different bra , because these straps do NOT adjust by much at all , due to the " gel strap " not allowing them to do so . 
I buy it all the time . 
After one wearing the left inner cup came loose . 
I had to mend it after one time of having it on . 
This is nothing that a little fabric softener won't fix . 
However , I would definitely buy this bra again , you can't have too many . 
The price was right ! 
Thanks . 
But after I wore it and washed it a few times the inside elastic on the bottom of the bra turned sticky and I can't get it to off . 
I was looking for a comfortable wire free bra for a LONG airplane trip and this is NOT it ! 
The straps are comfortable in the support department but there is little scratchy lace along the straps that is NOT ! 
No way could I wear this bra comfortably for 18 hours ! 
It was okay had some comfort to it not bad , I did find the cup to be a tweeny bit big but I could live with it well actually she can it was for my mom 
seems to run small . 
just had to get extender for it . 
So if haven't tried this brand u may want to before u buy it . 
Bought these for my wife for christmas and she loves them . 
My wife has been wearing Playtex Bras for many years with never a complaint .. Her breasts were always just a tiny bit short of having " A Cup Full " ( D ) ... but not this much space . 
I like the broad straps that cushion my shoulders . 
The front closure is helpful . 
Then again , didn't a man invent bras ? 
What do they know about our girls ? 
Purchased for someone who could not find her size at local malls . 
I suggest I try for her online and viola , it worked quite well . 
She likes very much and this has the wider straps . 
Definitely not made the way they used to be , China perhaps ? 
Will search for another brand . 
I gave this bra a 5 star rating . 
Have had problems in the past with bras that don't fit and this one does . 
I would recommend this to anyone . 
The slight pattern on the bra does not show thru any tops . 
I have very ... round breasts , but I'm a D so I need support . 
I had the same " pointy " experience - if I loosen the straps I get no support . 
If I loosen it too much I go from pointy , to saggy material . 
The edge has this itchy looping to it , the rings are relatively flimsy and all together it looks uncomfortable and poorly made . 
I think that this bra fits some people that need some " uplifting " but those that may already have it , well , we might as well start vogue-ing . 
That's what I did . 
Got a great laugh out of my husband , then I put it back in the box , and returned it . 
If I wore it for a day there is no doubt in my mind I would be knocking things off counters and running into stuff with my " torpedoes " . 
No amount of camisole , t-shirt , or any other outer covering could hide this shape - felt like if I had a vintage dress this bra would have shaped me perfectly , albeit uncomfortably ( as they stuck out so far ... ) as it is , I have no sassy vintage dress to wear this bra with , and I have been fitted recently . 
This was an utter failure . 
If you arent into pointy boob , but you are into support , that one might work for you too . 
So I guess as they saying goes , you win some , you return some . 
:) 
I need more support than this bra offers . 
I SHOULD HAVE ORDERED THE NEXT SIZE . 
I DO WEAR IT THOUGH . 
It fitted just right . 
I will but from this company again to get more bras . 
I chose this bra because I've tried many over the years and was disappointed . 
This bra looked like a good one and I figured I'd have nothing to lose by buying and trying one . 
I'm so glad I did , because it's exactly what you see . 
I where a 38 D and expected the support would probably not be there , it never is , and they ride up . 
This one stays put on me and the support is like no other I've worn . 
There's very firm hold and there's no slipping . 
I will buy another for sure . 
Will buy from them again . 
Thank you Amazon for offering them . 
i have bought this bras for my daughter for the first time and i havnt had no complaint with her at all so i assume she is please 
I would recommend for larger women . 
The fit is not as expected . 
The cup is too big and loose . 
You can see the bad fit through my shirts 
There is a plastic ring in the back where the straps attach that is irritating . 
I wish the material was thicker , and that bra companies would stop assuming anyone over a C-cup doesn't want any lining - I don't need people to know just how cold I'm feeling ! 
I wear a 42DDD , which is hard to find in wirefree without spending a fortune . 
I struggle with finding what feels good but found this bra to be just what I was looking for . I would recommend it to others . 
I find it hard to buy bras in department stores and boutiques because they do not come in my size . 
This one fits well and despite not having an under wire is very supportive . 
I waited much to long , and finally ordered a Playtex . 
The straps do not move , and that's my biggest pet peeve with other bra's . 
No bulging , Feels so good to wear all day . 
She said the fit was perfect . 
This bra makes my breast feel very pointy like how those long ago bras used to fit and even thou i ordered my correct size d elastic that runs under d breast for d bra us uncomfortable ... 
now explain this ... my wife said the 42DD was too small , so she ordered the 42DDD this is too big , plus they added about 10yards more material ... 
It would be nice if all the manufacturers could get together and have standard sizes ! ! ! 
! 
PLAYTEX IS THE ONLY BRA ! 
I have not found anything wrong with these and the clasps hold well . 
I will caution to consider wearing a shirt over these and if you don't , to be conscious that you will tear up or scratch the leather on the back of your car seat or chair . 
When you have done that , you won't be happy and " no " your mechanic did not do it . 
These always are true to fit and I can never go wrong ordering them for him . 
The price is right too . 
I can't really dock the jeans points for being " rigid " , but holy cow , they aren't kidding . 
Being a " relaxed " fit and " rigid " is kind of counter-intuitive . 
If you're looking for something truly relaxed , and great-fitting , check out the 559 relaxed straight fit jeans . 
These jeans have been around in one iteration or another since the dawn of pants . 
Fit has been consistent from pair to pair as I've bought them over the years and quality appears to remain on par . 
Will order again , of course ! 
Good fit and feel but the material these are made of seem to be a little thin . 
Will be nice and light for summer but probably won't stand up to any hard work and may wear earlier than expected . 
My husband isn't really fat but he has large muscular thighs and these jeans are perfect for him . 
He won't wear any other brand of jeans . 
I only wear Levi's 550 ' s , mostly because I'm no longer the skinny guy I used to be , and need a little more room around the mid section . 
I have been wearing Levis my entire life when I am not at work . 
I really like the fit and comfort Im looking forward to getting another pair just cant decide what color ill be getting next . 
I purchased these jeans for my fianc because he likes jeans that are not the cutting edge of fashion , but are also not too unflattering . 
These are good basic jeans . 
Durable fabric . 
Fit well . 
Not as stylish as a boot cut jean , but work well for casual wear . 
Rigid comes in a very dark inky blue ... for all purposes black . 
I have a slim / skinny build with muscular legs . 
However , I like my jeans to fit very closely from top to bottom and these seem to be the only Levi's that do that . I cannot recommend wearing a belt with these jeans as they only have five loops ; the belt ends up riding over the top of the jeans . 
It has been 33 years since my husband has been wearing Levi's , and refuses to try any other brand . 
They really are great and last forever . 
When I came across the 550 relaxed fit , AND he could still wear the same size , and they were comfortable and looked the same as regular fit , all was right with the world ! 
So I have to say , after all these years and his refusal to even look at another brand , really says something . 
I would definitely recommend these to anyone ! 
The fit is ok , but the material seems thinner than I'm used too . 
Don't think they will hold up as well . 
Unfortunately , Levi's sizing is unreliable and the same size that has fit me well for a while is too small to wear as delivered here--so I've had to return the item . 
( Note that this isn't a one-time fluke : I have in my wardrobe along with several Levis that fit well another that is also too small . 
All the samples that I've mentioned are the same Levi's model , labeled with the exact same size . ) 
Bought relaxed fit before . 
this pair just seems to be just a little tight compared to the comfort fit . I like the jeans .. Don't get me wrong .. 
I could also stand to loose 10 pounds then I am sure they would fit great ! 
i would recommend 
Ordered these when I needed to get some new pairs of jeans for work . 
Arrived promptly and fit me well . 
I was not sure they would fit well especially after buying them online . 
I purchased this to take on our first cruise and was waiting to review until we used it . 
We returned home from a 7 night trip a few days ago . 
The only slightly irritating thing was the handle doesn't lock in place when extended . 
I wish it had a locking button like the other two pieces of luggage I recently purchased ( Travel Pro ) . 
My bra came on the 17th June , however , it is a lovely bra . 
was somehow too big should have taken 38D . 
Thanks play tex . 
Itchy ! 
It fits okay but seems to make my breasts look even larger when I would rather they be minimized . 
The lace is itchy and I am not used to that feel . 
I will give it away after only one short wearing . 
Someone else might like it . 
If you're looking for a bra to fit the way its suppose to fit ; buy this one . 
The price is also great and I got it before they said that I would get it in the mail . 
Purchase this bra you will not be sorry . 
I am cleaning out my lingerie drawer and replacing all the uncomfortable bras I have collected over the years . 
Thank you Playtex ! 
Fits as I expected . 
Great brand and nice neutral colors . 
It's old school and very cool to wear . 
I have been looking for this particular bra for several months . 
My daughter suggested I try it . 
It is wonderful . 
Lots of support and easy on the shoulders . 
The straps do not fall down or tug in anyway , the sides are made out of a very stretchy fabric that moves with you . 
The cups are shaped a little pointy so I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars . 
Very tight around ribs and shoulders so I think a single D would have been sufficient . 
May buy another one in a D when it goes on sale :) color is a very soft pink , very pretty :) 
I suggest buying it ! 
I don't think I can emphasize that more . 
I can wear them all day and the colour is so nice . 
This bra Fits a little tight around my chest . 
And it is a little scratchy but it holds the breasts and looks nice so for a " dress " bra it will do . 
If she didn't like the bras she would tell me , over and over again . 
I would have given this bra a 5 . 
But the front is too busy with lacing / stitching that will show through on my summer blouses . 
The cup had way too much room with my C cup . 
I think if I did decided to reorder this one it would be a size smaller . 
Runs big . 
Thank you 
In the summer weather very very light weight and good to wear.Will order in more colors . 
This bra offers great support for this DDD gal . 
It lifts and shapes just right . 
It's still MUCH more comfortable than your average underwire , don't get me wrong , and I will still wear the crap out of it . 
It's just that I definitely want to take it OFF at the end of the day , whereas another lift bra I found , I could sleep in . 
I would still recommend this for sure . 
I have older breasts that are somewhat large and it's hard to find a bra that keeps them up.This one does ! 
Hallelujah ! 
great fit and feel 
She has worn this brand for many years . 
We just ordered a second one . 
As I am losing weight , I did not want to spend too much on a bra and the girls slim down . 
I am an old girl and this is a bra I will actually wear . 
. 
Also , it gives good support . 
I really like these bras . 
I will buy these again . 
I will buy this bra again when I need another one . 
Like that there are no seams or pointy issues with this bra . 
Normally , I wouldn't order bras online , but I was desperate and decided to trust the Playtex name . 
They didn't let me down . 
Luckily I found this bra - it's wonderful ! 
I'm thrilled to finally find a bra that meets all my needs . 
Playtex is a name you can trust , and it is great to know that many companies who specialize and create women  s lingerie have started to realize that wired bras are not the only solution for lift and support for women who purchase their products . 
I ordered this bra for two reasons ; I love Playtex products , and it is a wire free bra . 
Since most bra sizes by various companies are sometimes irregular , I decided to order a size larger than my actual desired size . 
This bra is extremely comfortable , no tightness around my shoulders , bust line , or underneath my arm area , the material is soft , and the seams are perfectly placed in the design of this bra . 
The support is excellent and firm , ( while walking or running , you do not experience excessive shaking / jumping up and down ) , and it does not give you the look of an unnatural shape in whatever outfit you are wearing with this bra underneath your clothing . 
A comfy bra at a terrific price is sometimes hard to find , but this one fits the bill . 
It's really soft , cute looking , and supports well . 
The only issue is that it fits me a little big , but it's my own fault for getting the wrong size . 
I wish it was a little lower cut so I can wear my heart neck sweaters with it . 
Although I had to return as the B cup was a little to big , I reorder in a size 40 B cup so I am hoping they fit.The Bra is so well made and does give you an up-lifting like we lady's love . 
I have no complaints with the product . 
This bra gives better support and overall shape than many name-brand wireless bras that I've tried on in stores . 
The straps are smoothly connected to the cup area , as opposed to being tacked on . 
The cup area has 2 rather thin layers of soft fabric . 
It looks that way in the picture to me . 
Some bras have a thicker fabric in the cup area , without being thickly padded . 
I would have preferred this . 
I wear " nippies " nipple covers which I purchased here on Amazon . 
However , it's not as convenient . 
There is sometimes slight puckering of the fabric at the top of the cup area because of the lack of the thicker fabric . 
For me , it's not a major problem . I liked the bra enough to order 2 more , but I'm interested in looking at others . 
Overall , I recommend it as a good , wireless bra . 
i am older and need lift badly ... have tried many brasbut always the pull on shoulders.this bra fit and i wore all day in comfort .. need more . 
these bras fit true to size and would recommend it to big busted chest . 
I guess as a younggirl / teenager i thought of playtex as grannybras , but its not true . I wear a size 42D and thats what i ordered inthis bra , and it fits amazingly.Lots of support , no strap slippage , and it ispretty . 
I did it , and was surprisedto find that , i was wearing the wrong size bra . 
Itold a few of my gal pals about it , they went onthe site and did the measurements , followed the chart , and they also , were wearing the wrongsize.Hope this helps ! 
Or maybe I am ? 
The cups give good lift , side support , separation and coverage , but there always seems to be a little excess fabric right at the center of the cup , which makes a very small wrinkle in the cup that shows through clothing . 
Maybe most women are more pointy than I am , but these are just not the right bra for me . 
They seem well-made also , which makes it a bigger shame . 
Just don't understand the cup design . 
She loves it and it's a perfect fit . 
I have washed it and it is stable and continues to fit and look good . 
This bra has no underwire and in this case you really don't need it cause it still gives you uplift and support . 
For the money I will say it is a nice bra but feels a little snug , Started my diet and exercise regime so hopefully I will lose the pounds quickly and my clothes and this bra will fit much better . 
This bra was great in the beginning over a short time the material started stretching out and I find myself having to keep adjusting the straps to pull my boobs back up in place . 
I purchased three but I wish I could return them . 
But if I know that I would have to keep adjusting the straps all day , they would not have been my first choice . 
This is a beautiful bra . 
I was wearing a 42D but since I've gained weight the 42 ' s are a bit tight so I ordered up a size . 
On this bra , the cup size is good but the band is just as tight as the 42 . 
I just have to wear tight bras until I lose weight I guess . 
I chose this rating because this bra was to large in the cup and it has no padding at all in it.you can see through it . 
showing of nipples dew to not enough padding but it fits exact an comfortable . 
This bra works extremely well without wire-support and underwire bras.Comfortable and has a soft lining , the straps don't cut into my shoulders . 
My Church women's group adopted some residents at a local nursing facility . 
My mom has worn this bra since I was little . 
She loves this bra and has never tried another one . 
I never liked it from the time I started wearing bras and thought it pushed down on me unnaturally . 
I wear other bras and buy what ever is on sale and fits good . 
My mom , who is now 77 , has worn this for so long that she knows what size to order and can only find it online so she is really glad that Amazon has this bra . 
I ordered a size 38A , which should have been a little big on me but it fit just right . 
The one thing that really disappointed me was me was the back strap . 
I was looking for a bra that would not roll or bunch under the arm . 
I normally wear a 38 or 40DD . 
I bought this one in the 40DD since underwires tend to run a little small and the 40DD was too big . 
I have many in this design in Secrets and they wear very , very well . 
Throw in the washing machine and hang to dry . 
Lasts for years ! 
It does fit but I will order a cup larger next time and the straps slip down on my arms even if I adjust them . 
I have tried many bras and at different price points and if I have to wear a bra this is ok . 
the underwires between your breast simply sit out at an awkward angle instead of laying flat against you . 
That I do not like . 
Based on the stellar reviews here , I was expecting more . 
I'm on the fence about returning it , though , because of the show through problem . 
Going to keep looking . 
I am sooooo disappointed with this bra ! 
I have never purchased a bra online and my first experience was this .. 
The underwires are digging into my armpits and the middle front of the bra is digging into my chest . 
The cups are about the right size , except for the fact that THERE IS NO PADDING IN THE CUPS ! ! ! 
I cannot wear a bra with no padding , for obvious reasons once I put a shirt on .. 
I hate being that way but that's the way I am . 
The straps are the only thing I like about this bra . 
What a joke . 
Very sad but I literally have nothing else to wear so it's not like I can return it . 
Guess this will be my last resort bra once I find some that fit . 
That's all I ask for and this bra fills the bill . 
Could do without the lace over the cups but I did not have wrinkling or show thru issues others mentioned . 
I bought this and it is true to size , fit well in the size I normally wear . 
The bad thing is the wider straps . 
Yes , they're padded but it seems the padding in them is more on the back of the strap instead of on the shoulder as it looks like in the picture . 
I'd buy it again for the right price . 
It is lime green not neon green i was expecting something ALOT brighter then what i received oh well then 
I wanted a case that I could find in the bottom of my pocketbook and this bright red case is perfect . 
This was originally bought to keep my reading glasses visible in my purse . 
( I can't tell you how many he has lost under the seat of elsewhere . ) 
This eyeglass holder is made well , is easy to use , easy to see , opens quickly and doesn't get lost in the center console ... a perfect solution ! 
(o: 
I wear glasses , and occasionally find that the holders fit dollar bills in them well . 
And these do ! 
Over that time period , these glasses have served me well.In the past the Rayban carrying case that is out of necessity worn on my belt , used an interior hard shell encased in a ersatz leather case that was robust and withstood the rigors of daily wear and tear . 
As a result the case often rips loose because of their very inferior quality of material and design currently used in their manufacter . 
Shame on you Rayban ! 
There is little else that can be said about Ray Ban sunglasses . 
Planing on getting another one for my husband . 
Great buy totally worth it . 
Coolest sunglasses on the planet right now ! 
Well worth the money 
The rating would be 5 star , as the product itself was great . 
Beautiful glasses , really . 
But , Amazon happened to send me the 58mm , even though the order was for 62mm . 
( It was a gift ) So , although there was a mix-up , it turned out to be quite fortunate for me , since it saved me the trouble of ( probably ) having to send it back for another size . 
I should have ordered the next size , they are a little too narrow for my face but the quality and look is awesome , They have attitude and style , they clearly protect my eyes . 
I'm in south america on the equatorial line so the sun is stronger and far more damaging than in other parts of the world . 
! 
Melissa loves this watch she wears it all the time this is just what she wanted thanks for making her Christmas 
I was hesitant to buy these because I thought the price was too good to be true ... the sunglasses are great so far ... they seem authentic ... the fit is great . 
I bought these for my wife for Christmas and she loves them . 
At $ 90 you can't beat the price considering they were $ 150 on sale at that Hut that sells Sunglasses . 
As a retired pilot I have been a faithful wearer Ray-Ban sunglass since 1956 . 
However , the quality of the glass case is now very substandard . 
Until recently the cases were reinforced on the inside by a tough shell nearly robust enough to withstand a heavy foot step upon it . 
I now must wear prescription Ray-Ban sun and clear corrective lenses , which necessitates my wearing the case on my belt . 
The case gives little proctection to these expensive glasses . 
Long ago , many years I've been using this brand and I will continue using sunglassess for eternity . 
I got the green mirrored lenses and I love them . 
These are the smallest size they offer ( 55mm ) . 
You will not be disappointed ! 
They add so much to a simple outfit and makes for a very chic look . 
A must have for the summer ! 
ready to shine on it , i really love it i want to put clear lenses with prescription on these babies , i hope it works , great sunglasses 
It is just was I was looking for , it is perfect i recomended it . 
It arrived home just on timethanks you very much 
These Ray-Ban aviators are the perfect accessory ; they won't ever go out of style . 
I've purchased this same pair from sunglass stores in the mall for nearly twice the price . 
Never again ! 
I saw a post from Amazon on Facebook about getting 40-60 % off Ray Ban so I had to see if they had mine . 
THEY DID ! 
I got them and to be honest they seem better than the initial pair I had and got them at a much better price . 
:) 
Classic Aviators . 
Build quality was good and these were made in Italy and not China . 
I gave three of these to the secretaries where I work . 
Just came to me I put comporobar waist and check after I took them off and no more . 
That night when we went to bed my wife asked me to take them off to sleep . 
Previous to this wallet , I had one I bought at an airport that was very similar and I had it for years . 
Once it started to fray on me , I searched around and found this one . 
Overall , if you are into minimalist wallets , this is great.The Bad : The flap above the clear pocket stick out too much and now it has been bend so many times its just a floppy piece of leather . 
They should have cut it down a little more . 
( that's what she said ) . 
It fits perfectly in my pocket and when it gets too fat , I'm forced to do get rid of receipts , etc . 
The quality is very good . 
THis is my 2nd one . 
I thought I lost my wallet so I immediately ordered a new one . 
I went through three wallets similar in style while transitioning to a front pocket wallet . 
Quality is high . 
This is very flexible in the amount of stuff you carry . 
I will have some weeks where I carry a significant quantity of cash and others where I carry little to none . 
I have a few cards I keep in the center pocket and I have no issues with them sliding out.If I had to complain , it would be that my license doesn't sit all the way down in the pocket . 
It stays securely and it's a nitpick . 
His was well over due to be replaced and he wanted something small and very compact . 
For the price the wallet is good . 
I was looking to replace a Slimmy ( more expensive ) wallet , and this will not be my new wallet . 
The wallet does not close securely . 
It looks like it would have enough room for quite a bill roll , but if you only have a few bills they may fall out . 
They fit wonderful . 
I have not one complaint . 
Have worn them several times already . 
I have not a one complaint on this purchase and would buy another from this seller in a heart beat . 
I ordered this before reading all the reviews . 
When I did read them , i noticed many other women were saying something about the big seam that runs up the middle of this garment . 
I must say , they did slip on easily and went way up past my bra line . 
Actually I ordered a size bigger thinking that they would not be as constrictive . 
I wish I would have ordered my usual size or even smaller as they felt way too large and sort of loose fitting . 
The seam down the middle was kind of noticeable through my tight blouse I was wearing at the time . 
I am seriously disappointed , however , that they no longer have the silicone strip around the top band . 
Because that is no longer there , it slides down and makes a gross bunching of fat on my back . 
If I wear my hair down or wear a jacket , it's ok ... but I have to keep yanking it up . 
These are perfect . 
The leg part goes to maybe about 5-6 inches above your knee but you can't see it under pants . 
It goes up really high to right underneath your breasts . 
Didn't know what size to order and was worried as comments said so easy to rip / run that is why a little large . 
They held me in very well and made my empire waist dress make me look so stacked ! 
BTW , I have washed and worn them two more times and stronger than pantyhose in rip / run catagory . 
I never thought I would need one of these modern day girdles but mother nature had other plans . 
It certainly did the trick . 
Just a note : It's a bit tricky to get on so prepare to do a silly little dance ! 
Wore these all day for an event . 
This product is exactly as advertise . 
I purchase in black and it fit perfect no problems at all . 
They have a very comfy sole and the sizing was true to size . 
Most slippers I found were either too flat or the sole was so thick and spongy I felt like I would topple over ! 
I liked that they came in several colors . 
I'd order a 1/2 a size up from your normal shoe size . 
If you ever wear them with socks they won't fit . 
I'd recommend them to anyone . 
Yes ! 
I usually wear a size 8 shoe and the 71/2 - 8 slipper fit perfectly . 
Bought these for mother's day and the run a little small ; almost returned them for being too small . 
The sizing chart is hard to understand . 
Really if you're any size larger than a 9 , don't buy them because they're going to be tight . 
If you are looking for a scuff slipper this is the one for you . 
I think I'd rather have a true house shoe . 
I bought these for my sister who wears a size 10 shoe . 
They do run large / wide ( I wear 8.5 ) and I tend to walk out of them , but a good run through the washing machine makes the fit more manageable . 
If you like a roomier fit these are great . 
I am wearing them RIGHT NOW ! 
:-) They are undoubtedly my favorite house shoes to wear . 
I can even wear them to put out the garbage can and get the mail . 
I wear a 7 but like slippers to be looser than regular shoes so I ordered an 8 , the fit was what I was looking for and the shoe is really comfy . 
Fit expectations , I like this slippers very much . 
buy it ! 
I but these every year but it seems like they changed them a little bit and they are not as comfortable immediately like before . 
I have had surgery on the top of my feet and usually these fit great right off and then even better once worn in , but they seem to hurt one foot . 
I am sure once I wear them and wear down the foam they will fit . 
By the way the comfort foam does wear down rather quickly to the form of your foot and doesn't bounce back and stay fluffy just in case anyone believes that they will stay pillow like forever , they won't . 
I'm an 8.5- 9.0 so I ordered a size larger . 
As with every slide on slipper I've ordered they all stretch out very quickly . 
It seems they just don't make them like they used to , regardless of what brand you buy . 
I have a habit of running out for the mail in my slippers . 
Unfortunately on the first pair I had , the stitching came out on both slippers on the insides of the pair . 
Fit except they stretched easily and flop if not wearing socks . 
Wouldn't buy again . 
Unfortunately , with these slippers , I am now dreading putting them on each evening . 
But the worst thing about these slippers is the hard rubber sole which makes them extremely noisy when I walk on my hardwood and tile floors ! 
I usually get to bed at least an hour after my husband , and he has actually asked me to PLEASE go out and buy new slippers because I wake him up each time I walk through our bedroom ! ! 
Yes , I suppose you can wear them outside , but I have had other " indoor / outdoor " slippers which aren't as hard bottomed , and therefore don't sound like I'm walking around in tap shoes ! ! 
I would recommend them to anyone who needs comfort after a long day ! 
I have bad sciatica so need the comfort on the back of my heel . 
I hope they hold up because I really love them ! ! 
I originally gave these 5 Stars ... ~ ~ ~ THIS IS AN UPDATE TO THE ABOVE COMMENT : Now I give these 3 stars at best ... COMFY , PRETTY , APPEARED TO BE DURABLE ... 
The right slipper fell completely apart . 
I loved them SO MUCH and am so disappointed . 
Because they are white , they do need to be washed every other week at least ... 
Only the RIGHT slipper fell apart , the left one held its shape and looked fine . 
I have NO IDEA what went wrong with the right slipper . 
:-( 
THESE WERE A PRESENT FOR MY WIFE I HAD ORDERED FRON ANOTHER ONLINE SUPPLIER THESE WERE BETTER AND FIT VERY WELL ! 
! 
You can't wait to get hone and put them on . 
The cushioning of the insole is starting to wear thin already . 
The hard outer sole is still in good shape . 
After reading previous reviews I ordered a size larger than my normal size and they are a good fit for length , but a little loose in width . 
Love these slippers - they are comfy , stylish , have a substantial foot bed and can go outside ... can't ask for more ! ! 
Price was right too . 
A little bit short but not much . 
A size 10.5 would have been perfect . 
I also like the support from the sole and heel . 
I was used to wearing slippers that were totally flat on the bottom and this was a welcome change . 
I use them every day at home , once I wake up in the mornings before work and after coming home from a long day at work ! 
I have had isotoner slipper before but these ones are an upgrade with the nice supportive rubber sold . 
I wear a size 8.5 , average width for flats and these were perfect . 
Gads , how much can I say about a product when it is practically perfect , AND what I expected ? ? 
They're comfy ! 
I bought these slippers in January 2014 and they are already trashed . 
Little by little , they got worse and worse . 
Now it feels like there is only a thin piece of material between my feet and the floor . 
They are also stretched out so they flop around a bit . 
I spend very little time at home and I never wear slippers outside . 
Very cheap slippers . I had faith in Isotoner and the quality of their product . 
Boy was I wrong . 
I am currently wearing the slippers that I thought were worn out , which is why I bought the Isotoners . 
If anyone out there knows of a slipper that will support my tired feet , please share the information . 
Bought for my wife who loved everything about them other than that the sizes sem to run about 1/2 size smaller than listed . 
( They are not intended for outdoor tho rubber sole allows a trip to the mail box . ) 
It's like slipping your feet into cotton . 
I plan to order another pair . 
I would recommend this product . 
I finally broke down and bought the slippers of my dreams - Clarks suede ones with soft fuzzy lining ( $ 55 ! ) 
Then they got filthy , the lining became packed down and uncomfortable and they stretched til they were falling off my feet . 
The only thing slightly wrong is that the medium ( 6.5- 7 ) is a little but shorter than I am used to . 
( I wear a 7 shoe . ) 
I wear a 7 or 7.5 and am happy that I got the 7.5 in these . 
Maybe they will stretch and become too big , but for now they fit fine . 
I am happy with my purchase and will buy another pair if they stretch out . 
Not as much support as I would like , but very soft and comfortable . 
Will buy more . 
I am not a slipper person but since I am going in for surgery and a hospital stay , I was advised to bring slippers . 
Exactly what I wanted . 
You can't go wrong with isotones , fit great , don't fall apart in the washer , 
Then they stretched out about 2 sizes larger , and they would fall off my feet when I walk causing me to trip . 
However , I gave it 3 stars because of the price . 
They were " inexpensive " and you do get what you pay for . 
These slippers worked great for a monthThen I had pitch them because they had holes in them . 
Don't buy these poor quality slippers 
I bought my size ( 9 1/2 ) but wish I would have bought a 10 . 
They are in the back of the closet now unfortunately since they are nice otherwise and seemed to wear well . 
These fulfill my need for a cushioned bottom of the slipper very well . 
I like them very much 
They fit well and do not slide off easy . 
I purchased these slippers for my wife for Valentine's day.they fit very well and have alot of cushion . I gave a five star rating for an excellent product . I highly recommend these slippers . 
fits well and very soft ... good deal for the price ... came quickly and i got them in time for my gfriend's weekend getaway . 
Luckily I got 4 pcs . 
The single one caught the hair on my arm . 
I put two of them together ( on each sleeve ) and it stretched a little better and didn't pull the hair anymore . 
Good quality and good price . 
I own several but only two with the stopwatch function . 
The only problem with it is that over time the stopwatch wont reset back to zero . 
I have read many reviews on it and it states that it is a poor design flaw on these types of watches . 
I have not tried to see how much it would cost to fix and that will be my next step . 
The price I got it for was amazing :) He loves it , yes its a bit heavy but so manly and sexy .. despite the weight it feels comfy on his hand , heck its a man watch , not suppose to be light as men got muscle ;) 
It's easy to read and wear . 
I get a lot of compliments . 
Adidas is one of my favorite brands . 
I compared these pants to the ones that I purchased right from Adidas and these appear to be a poor counterfeit . 
The stripes on these pants are not the same quality , nor are they sewn on the pants as they are on the originals . 
Don't buy these ! ! 
They are made in Thailand and I am convinced these are fake . 
I have ripped them up and am using them for dust rags ! 
Expensive dust rags ! 
Beautiful watch for dress wear ; not suitable for every day unless you like a small faced watch . 
I would recommend it . 
I bought it for my wife and it stay perfect.Very good quality . 
They worked perfectlyMy wife and I will give you five stars.Thank you 
These sweatpants are great except for the lack of pockets 
This item is as described . 
It is i that is bigger than i thought . 
Wear it a lot and takes to laundry well.No complaints other than i have to loss more weight ! 
Worked well for decorating as an ugly Team USA Costume by Ralph Lauren . 
It DOES NOT HAVE POCKETS , which is annoying . 
Well , you get what you pay for . 
It's cheap . 
Fit to a t ! 
Great for dressing down at school . 
My daughter loves these ! 
For boy or girl . 
As expected I suppose ... My big issue is that there are NO POCKETS ( WTF ? ! ) 
and the elastic on the bottom is INCREDIBLY tight . 
we both wear and like them . 
I have washed them several times with no problems . 
from a 1 to a 10 = 10 
I haven't washed it and only worn it once . 
For some reason , this shirt is a bit small . 
The 2-2 xl's I bought are hanging in the closet as maybe a backup . 
If you are a borderline XL .. on he lower side .. they will work great . 
They are thick t-shirts and a bit on the stiff side . 
They take fabric paint well and seem to be well made . 
If you're looking for a thick t-shirt , then these are a good option . 
I purchased four of these LS tee shirts for my grandson . 
I could not believe the quality of the cotton fabric and the quality of the workmanship for the low , low price I paid for each of the shirts . 
Hint : If you use a hot clothes dryer purchase at least one size up to obtain a proper fit with " room to grow " . 
Suited for different shirts . 
After washing , do not change the size . 
Cotton quality . 
Not scratched . 
Sutures are processed normally . 
The soon to arrive baby may weigh 12 lbs .. 
The shorts arrived on time a nd were well packaged . 
Perfect loose waist for my chunky grandson . 
This is all he wore all summer with his tank tops and they kept him cool . 
my son looooovvvee them ! ! ! 
he sleeps n play in these shorts ! ! 
! good quality ! ! ! 
! I would recommend clothing line of babyvision to everyone ! ! ! 
must buy ! ! 
saves lot of money ! 
! 
These shorts Fit perfect and are cute ! 
They seem to be comfy for my son , too . 
I bought these for my new grandson who lives in the south . 
These are really cute - and the fit is as expected for small 0-3 month shorts . 
They will be perfect for the collectible reborn dolls I make , and need something to cover the upper part of the thigh , where the cloth body connects to the vinyl legs for 3/4 leg sculpts . 
A lot of room for my son to grow . 
Good quality and affordable . 
Would definitely recommend to others . 
These do run a bit big , especially in the legs , but thats part of what keeps baby comfy ! 
Super soft and not too heavy , perfect Spring shorts . 
Excellent deal for a three pack in soft colors that should match many onesies or tops . 
I bought this jacket for my grandson because he liked my original issue that I've had for many years . 
I am a converse fan and know to buy a half size down if you don't like socks with them . 
very comfy shoes . 
I wear these on my non running days when I am running errands with my kids etc . 
With my bad back , it's hard to do lace-up shoes , but I love Converse . 
Slip on is the answer . 
Fits as expected and comfortable.Great everyday casual shoes.Will go well with jeans.It ' s a great buy . 
I recommend it . 
Great buy 
Great looking shoes , but I had to send them back because they fell off my feet . 
I love these and wear them all the time . 
These Lee jeans are all of that and more . 
I am wearing them right now , and they are my new favorite pair . 
I will be buying more as I need them . 
Fit is somewhat weird . 
Just zipping the pants you get a feel for the lack of quality ... they certainly feel cheaper than they were . 
Wasn't what I hope it would be for a Blazer ... not what I would wear for a night out with the Wife . 
I'm sure it's high quality but not my style . 
The waistband on these clacks is so tight ... no give . 
VERY disappointed . 
You just can't put them on . 
I was concerned the very low cost of these pants I would end up with a cheap pair of pants which I would not like but while these are without a doubt Khaki style pants they already fit like a great pair of jeans , very comfortable , expected amount of room and comfort . 
An all around a great article of clothing , not sure why I seem to doubt the way lee fits , but I do even though I've never been disappointed in a Lee product . 
How much can you say about basic khaki's . 
Note the pleated front , which some , especially younger men ( and their women ) consider to be out of style . 
Thanks 
I bought these for a friend of mine . 
The size is small and when you buy a relaxed fit you do not expect stretch pants . 
Disappointed at the color , the picture shows a light khaki , but you actually get am almost taupe color . 
Can't beat the price . 
Seems like you give up a little extra classy appearance for durability , which works for me in a business casual dress . 
I wish they were offered in a shorter inseam , so that I wouldn't have to pay to have them altered . 
I bought this pair of Lee Jeans for my husband and he just loves wearing them . 
That's all he loves to wear , but it's hard for me to find him in his size at the store so l just go to Amazon and buy them . 
Yes I would recommend to buy them . 
The fit is great and the color was just like it said it would be . 
These are the only jeans made to fit the body . 
They are a good jean and would have fit well . 
But my husband lost so much weight . 
He took then and had them taken in . 
But he wod recommend them and the seller . 
I really like this style of jeans . 
Buying online now as JC Penny only carries the premium line which looks cheaply made . I tried the " tarmac " finish this time which looks really nice . 
I have several pairs of expensive jeans that don't fit " my body " as well as these do . 
Caution on sizing . 
Because the length from belt to crotch is shorter than most jeans you may need to order a longer size . 
Lee Men's Regular Fit Straight Leg Jean , Fatigue , 34x32 fits as expired good quality and price . 
Will purchase again soon . 
The reason for not wearing Lee for this long time as that it is not always available here and even if available it is high price so Thanks Lee , and Thanks Amazon 
It gets harder to buy jeans that fit as you get older , but Lee fits the bill . 
However , I returned from a 40 to a 42 . 
In my opinion , they were a bit tight at 40 . 
Hope I am not steering you wrong - just my body style . 
Same size as my other 40/29 ' s ( Wrangler ) but slightly tighter . 
No biggie I suppose as I can still fit into them . 
If you're too worried I'm sure a 42 would have fit me as well . 
Price point was good but shipping took longer than expected . 
I have been wearing Lee jeans for 40 years and still love the way they look and fit . 
They last a long time . 
They fit exactly as expected . 
My husband uses these and Levis all the time . 
phew ... better than going from store to store trying on . 
We bought the size we wanted and it is just as expected . 
Color was what was shown also . 
we bought 33 x 30 .. Do have to say for no fat and muscular thin leg , some room at side thigh ... but also gives comfortable sitting and using for lots of movement . 
These darker ones worked and fit well Friday Jeans Day at the office . 
I ordered these as well as a regular fit set of Levis 505 . A 32 " waist has always fit well with little room so they are comfortable.The 505s fit like this . 
The 32 " Lees were hard to button . I returned them for a 33 " . 
The 33s now fit like the Levis.Mark 
They are attractive , well made , and heavy . 
They are perfect . 
Thanks ! 
They are not baggy . 
I have a problem with some pant that have too much material in the rear . 
These fit very well . 
These are sold as double black and what it says on the box is what you get . 
The reason is the quality of the fabric . 
We are otherwise quite satisfied with these jeans , but they were a tad longer than 30 . 
I bought these for appointments and some shopping around town . 
I've worn them a couple times and they are in the closet . 
I will most likely wear them once more before washing . 
From a 1 to a 10 = 10 
I have a hard time finding the correct size in stores in the inseam that I needed . 
This is so much easier than going to the store and searching the shelves fore my size . 
The quality of the jeans were the same as if you bought them in the store . 
There were no blemishes or imperfections . 
I would highly recommend to purchase your Lee jeans from Amazon and you will get a quality product in your size with the convenience of shopping from home . 
They sit at the waist and are a slimmer fit than many others , especially the " relaxed " style . 
Be advised these jeans are NOT made with heavy denim . 
I am dissapointed in this , and wonder how they will hold up , especially since I wear my jeans all the time and am rough on them . 
Time will tell . 
Both pairs recently gave out and I was unable to find them in the retail outlets . 
I tried other jeans but the quality and fit just weren't there . 
So I searched Amazon with the details from the old jeans labels and to my surprise they came up . 
I ordered one pair " to test the water " . 
They soon arrived and to my surprise the quality and fit were the same , great ! ! ! 
I'll be ordering several more pairs from Amazon very soon . 
As Sarah Palin weirdly said of the president recently , I've taken up with wearing " mom jeans . " 
But ... well ... I'm a mom so I guess I don't mind . 
These jeans are a good buy . 
I guess I follow my own recommendations ... 
I am going to have it altered to fit me . 
I ordered two other sizes before I got it right . 
These jeans fit her perfect and she loves them . 
She is top heavy and hard to fit . 
She loves any jeans which fit . 
These do . 
From a 1 to a 10 = 10 
I ordered jeans for an event and didn't need them . 
I returned these because of that . 
Ordered for my Mom-in-law so washed them before I took them to her . 
This must be their lightest-weight denim - - new it looks and behaves like it's been washed 300 times already . 
Denim weight varies by color in their other 100 % denim jeans . 
This is the fifth Lee Dungaree Jean I bye from this site . 
I bought one in a store in Florida several years ago and realized they came a bit larger , so I've got a 33x30 although I was 34x30 . 
Then I began ordering through amazon because I already knew the size . 
The first three I ordered were perfect . 
The last two were not . 
I wonder if they've made sizes adjustments . 
Order your actual size . 
Purchased for my 28 yr old son . 
Hve been a long time buyer of these jeans . 
He likes them ... it's all good , right ? ! 
; ^ ) 
I really like these jeans . 
I was looking for comfort with a loose fit and soft fabric , and need to look no further . 
They're just about perfect . I wish they made some with large cargo pockets , but sadly not . 
Time to buy another pair so I went back to my Sperrys but I am not thrilled with the shoe itself . 
The leather and sole are thinner than my other pair . 
They don't appear to be as hardy of a shoe and I am sure they won't last as long . 
The leather also appears to be of lesser quality . 
Kind of disappointed ... :( 
While looking around for something to replace my 10 - year - old topsiders , I decided to give these a try . 
They look good enough to wear with a suit , and are casual enough to wear with shorts . 
If you travel , no need to pack more than one pair of shoes ; just wear these.The leather appears to be a good quality , and the soles seem very sturdy . 
More cushioned than regular topsiders . 
My dad likes to wear more formal shoes , but also has some problems with his feet . 
He is normally between an 11 and 11.5 W ( EE ) in shoes , and the 11 fit him perfectly . 
I bought a new pair of these shoes to ' supplement ' the pair I've been wearing for five years . 
These are really well-made shoes , they last forever , they're always in style , and what more can I say ? 
The shipping was fast . 
After breaking them in they fit great ! 
The leather is a bit dull , but doesn't ruin the overall aesthetic of the shoe . 
Overall very satisfied with this purchase . 
I knew his size and converted it using the chart . 
They were a bit tight at the toes . 
Oh I mean , handsome son wearing this pair of shoes . 
Very good quality . 
Wouldn't buy any other brand but Sperry . 
Hm ... might be because handsome son won't wear anything else but Sperry . 
Wait . 
Why not have him buy his own shoes ? 
I haven't had Topsiders for a long time , but used to wear them a lot " back in the day " ( 60s & 70s ) ... 
The Brown / Buc ones I just got are a good representation of a classic brand . 
There are some differences - like another reviewer I do wish the insole ran the full length of the shoe rather than ending halfway , but they do still feel just fine once you are used to it . 
Don't expect the kind of fit and feel / support you get from an athletic shoe - these aren't that kind . 
We all wear trainers a lot these days so a classic casual shoe like a Topsider will feel quite different , but these are still very comfortable . I went to a local shoe store and used the foot caliper measurement device to get an accurate size . 
I got mine on sale , so they were a great value too . 
Buy these with confidence that you're getting good quality . 
I will buy Topsiders from Shoe Mart again . 
Good value and fast shipping . 
I'll take better care of these and hopefully get a little more wear out of them . 
These things are comfy out of the box and SUPER comfy once broken in . 
Can't really go wrong with these . 
The fit was a bit too tight . 
I placed another order for the shoe in a larger size . 
there are many copys out there . i know i have a few copys so trying to save u end up spending the amount in wasted pairs never again 1 and only sperry . nothing else even comes close .. 
Got my son these boat shoes for the spring . 
These are quality shoes , except they're still too narrow . 
I wear 4E width . 
I would recommend them to anyone . 
This one had green soles and laces . 
Makes a statement , I LIKE GREEN ! 
Going to wear these ones out fast ! ! ! 
! 
These fit just as I hoped . 
I wear boat socks with them and have walked a ton in them ! 
These particular shoes are hard to find . 
The Authentic Original can be hard to track down unless you want to pay a lot . 
Wore these on a trip to Mexico City and they were awesome . 
Climbed the stairs of the Pyramid of the Sun in these . 
Held up great and no sore feet . 
Found my new causal traveling shoes . 
I have pretty much only worn boat shoes for the last 25 years . 
Half the time I buy Sperry and half the time I buy an off brand . 
Just much softer leather and look better . 
I ordered 8.5 EE , and they fit accordingly . 
For the price , maybe I was expecting something more , but there's nothing really bad about the quality or fit . 
Overall I like the shoe for summer days . 
Unfortunately I have stinky feet and can no longer wear them . 
Comfy and good quality . 
My husband wears these shoes for casual wear and on the boat . 
I would have kept it but my husband is a stickler for " perfect " . 
Unfortunately he wears 38W x 29L pants . 
The item came in good time and was packed very well ( it came with my other orders ) . 
Too bad not many companies offer hard to find sizes , e . g . 
for shorter men , they offer short inseam BUT smaller waist . 
They tend to put together pants that they feel are proportional : bigger waist , longer inseam , taller people . 
My husband likes the nice loose fit around his butt and thighs of these jeans . 
He usually wears pretty large holes in his jeans even after I've patched them up with more fabric . 
Good buy ! 
I bought a gray and a navy . 
Now I thought people were exaggerating about it being kind of big , but its very true , they do run big . 
It even says so in the tag " with room to move " . 
I recommend sizing down . 
I got an XL , but it fits like 2XL or even a 3XL . 
Overall im satisfied , Four stars due to lag in shipping it ; about 3 days after the purchase . 
I am 6 ' 5 " tall and have long arms , so I have to order tall sizes in anything that has long sleeves or else the sleeves are way too short , So , I found this Carhartt shirt , and was glad to see it came in tall sizes . 
Unfortunately , as is often the case , manufacturers don't seem to take into account that every tall person isn't a BIG person , so the best I could do was Large / Tall ( the smallest size offered ) when I really need a Medium / Tall . 
Therefore , although this shirt does the job okay , it really is too big . 
I had it ordered for my husband but I did not get the right size for him so I had to returned it . 
:) 
We have found this to be our favorite brand . 
The others we've tried have shrunk too much after washing . 
This was order for a tall person , and it has remained long enough to wear , wash after wash . Others are just too short after washing . 
It also seems to be more stain resistant than other brands . 
It comes out looking great . 
We bought three more because of this . 
It does not shrink or fade ! 
The mid weight is still plenty thick and heavy.Very well made  Carhartt quality.Quality does not cost  it pays.Can ' t go wrong with Carhartt . 
He said they are very comfy and durable . 
Never had an issue . 
The quality seems plenty good enough for the price . 
I must say I was sad that these were too small for me , as I jut knew I ordered the right size , but I guess you no longer had my size in the style I wanted and it automatically went to the style that was in my size . 
Always lasted long fit well.So far these are alright fit well seam to be as well made as when made in USA . I would Recommend . 
I usually buy blue jeans when I have to . 
I will wear jeans until they tear up to the point that they can't be work in public anymore.These jeans seem rugged and sturdy . 
I think I'll be wearing these for several years to come . 
I ordered a 50 waist 30 length . 
No way these pants are either of these dimensions . 
I can appreciate a looser fit but these are falling off . 
I also have to roll the bottoms a ridiculous amount of times so I don't walk on them . 
Fail . 
Fail . 
Fail . 
He said they were better than the expensive jeans ... That = A Happy Dad ! 
super fit super quality ! ! 
we ordered 3 more jeans , they are very contented with their purchease ! 
I was worried they wouldn't stay in place . 
Or that they'd be too short ( I'm 6 foot tall ) . 
But they are perfect ! ! 
If you are considering them , stop ... and just put them in your cart . 
These are probably some of the comfiest thigh highs I own right now . 
I opted for this trusted brand and was not disappointed . 
I had to fold them over under the toe 
I had ordered white thigh high socks before and they were too short and too tight and I am at 125 pounds and 5 ' 11 , so it was to be expected . 
Beyond my expectations ! 
Perfect and cute too ! 
They create a really bad bulging in my thighs that just makes them pretty much unwearable . 
On top of that they come to pretty much the top of my leg because I got them in too big of a size and I am a petite person . 
I had them on for maybe five minutes and had to take them off because of it . 
I'm 5 ' 1 weigh about 130 lbs and a lot of my weight is in my thighs and hips , so that's probably why they wouldn't work for me . 
If you have skinnier legs then get them because they would work for you , but if you're bigger in the legs then I wouldn't recommend these . 
Would buy other colors 
These fit well and even stayed in great condition after wearing and washing - definitely keepers ! 
Thank you ! 
5 stars due to the fact that it fits perfectly , it seems like a tough material ( hard to tear ) , and looks ... wow ! 
My gf loves it and she enjoys wearing it . 
Timex is alwaysto be counted on . 
Could have been a little less in price but I can live with it ( LOL ) Love the date feature on it as well . 
Why the lack of information about the sizes ? 
Timex quality brand of high quality , but it is the right of the buyer to know the sizes and sizes according to personal needsTimex T2E5819J sizesCase Size : 38 mmCase Width : 40 mmCase Lug Width : 20 mmCase Height : 10 mmThanks to all 
I have had this watch for over a year . 
I've had it for several years and it performs well . 
I also like the fact that it has normal band lugs ( something Casio often strays from ) which enable me to apply various aftermarket bands . 
I'm a little disappointed in this watch , mainly quality issues . 
First the Pros : - Nice big numbers to read when on a run - Band is unridged , so reasonably comfortable - Alarm and Interval Timer work nicelyCons - Flix technology broke , then ... - Indiglo feature died - wrist band loop broke ( annoying ! 
) - the band is better than others I've worn , but still tends to ' imprint ' itself on my wrist . 
I love the way they fit . 
I originally ordered a 40 but returned them for a 39 because they looked a little big on my feet . 
These were not birki flor , but leather . 
My favorite Birkenstock is the Florida Sandal because it is more feminine than the Arizona style , but the price was so good , I decided to buy the Arizona this time . 
I gave them 5 stars because they fit great , delivery was timely , they use quality materials , and I managed to get them for < $ 100.My Pros-They go great with shorts or pants . - Improve posture . - Wide array of shades / colors to choose from . - Can be dressed up or down.My Cons-Keep them dry ( if possible ) they're not flip-flops . - If you have a dog ( and a chewer like me ) be cautious . 
YACK.Regards 
How can y Ever go wrong these shoesare great and Never hurt your feeti had to get a second pair the bostony wont be sorry great prices 
I have never even thought of buying Birks before until my doctor recommended them to use as slippers around the house while recovering from a foot and ankle issue . 
After about 12 hours of wear they started to feel great . 
My posterior tibial tendon issue does not hurt while wearing these . 
I would recommend for anyone with flat feet or PTT issues . 
Trying to buy these online is tricky due to the weird sizing . 
My daughter tells me quite often how much she loves her birkenstocks ! 
My husband has worn this shoe for many years and loves them . 
He won't buy anything else . 
They fit right and feel good . 
Glad to have a choice of more colors . 
My only problem with them is I've been through a couple of these throughout the past few years - - they get really grimey after a while . 
I'm usually a size 91/2 in womens , then 40 fit me perfectly . 
I don't have flat feet . 
No one does . 
I have fallen arches and they need supporting . 
I have medical arch supports which are about 1/2 inch thick and doesn't fit in any of my shoes - negates the whole reason why orthodics exist in the first place . 
I simply kncked one star down cuz Birkenstock sizing are all over the place . 
These , for my fee , run a full size large . 
Other Birkenstock models differ . 
very hard to buy online wihtout trying on . 
I purchased these sandals because of my past experience with Birkenstocks , in particular Arizonas . 
However , I contacted Amazon , and actions to resolve this issue were initiated immediately . 
I do feel the product should have been inspected , for with the damage that was there , it was evident that these had previously been returned . 
Overall , though , I would recommend purchasing through Amazon , and the shoes are a great purchase , as expected ! 
I don't usually wear a narrow width , but had to exchange these for narrows after finding that my foot was swimming in the regular width . 
Having said that , I am very satisfied with the shoes . 
They are very comfortable for wearing around the house . 
Everybody tells me I should not wear these " birth control " shoes elsewhere :-) Great service from Amazon in the exchange process as always ! 
In my case they didn't and I ended up returning these slippers . 
) 3 ) I recommend getting a narrow foot bed , instead of the regular width , this makes for a sleeker profile , as the Arizona's seem particularly wide ! 4 ) Unless your going for normcore , please don't wear these with socks ! 
I've had Birkenstocks off and on for years and years . 
While wearing " sandals " with both feet suffering from Plantar Fasciitis isn't the best option , I've found that Birkenstocks are just about the only sandal I CAN wear when my feet " flare up " - - they still hurt badly at the end of the day , but less so than with my Orthoheel's and also less than my tennis shoes . 
In winter , I just put them on with crazy socks and voila ! ! 
I'm good to go :) Extremely fast shipping . 
Very satisfied with my purchase . 
I really don't like them because they are bulky and heavy . 
I just don't like all that stiff weight on my feet , but maybe that's my preference . 
I don't find myself drawn to them when I go looking for some shoes to wear , and they end up sitting in my closet . 
My husband is always a size 11D so I ordered a 45 and the fit was perfect . 
The only complaint I have about these is the left shoe is a little unglued from the sole right out of the box . 
Need to get that fixed . 
Birkenstocks last so long that I haven't bought a pair in a lot of years and it was difficult ( even on their own web site ) to figure out exactly what a soft foot-bed was and what the different " arch " designations mean . 
They should be more clear . 
The shoe stilltakes a little breaking in time , but that's not a problem . 
This means you can't just slide your foot into it , you have to maybe find a place to sit so you can put it on if you don't have the balance to stand on one foot . 
Some of the pictures actually show this collapse and my old ones didn't do this so it's a bit of a disappointment . 
These seem a tad bit short , but I think they will loosen up when I've broken them in . 
A good sturdy shoe for everyday wear . 
My husband loves them . 
I normally wear an 11 tennis shoe , however these in 11 were way to big . 
Good thing amazon has free exchanges and I returned them for a size 10 ( 43 ) . 
I had not tried them on in a store and even the soft foot bed was harder than I expected . 
The arch support is good and so far they are pretty comfy - no break in needed for my foot . 
The good news is they will stay looking decent for a while becuase a little black shoe polish will touch them right up . 
They seem to be very high quality and they should be for $ 100 
I wear a 10 medium , these are huge and stiff . 
Wouldn't buy again . 
Too bad , previous purchase from these folks were great . 
My husband is really hard on socks and he gets two years of wear out of these before I have to mend the heels . 
NOTE : With wool socks you do NOT have to wash after each wearing unless you have gotten them really dirty or smelly . 
As is true for all wool products , it is important to air them out after every wearing ... do not store them away in a dresser or closet to air out . 
You will wear out wool products much faster if you are constantly washing ( or dry cleaning ) them . 
Also , even though these socks are machine washable / dry-able , unless you need them right away , it is better to air dry them . 
I used to wear thick wool socks when I went backpacking as a Boy Scout . 
I never in my life thought I would be comfortable wearing wool socks during any season other than winter or cold weather.These socks really are worth all the 5 star reviews they get . 
In Paris , we were on our feet all day long and we were either standing on the metro or walking around town the entire time . 
I never had any issues with blisters , overheating , or that scratchy feeling you sometimes get from wool . 
My feet still felt good in the evening when I came home and took my shoes and socks off . 
I didn't have any issues with foot odor at all , and the socks dried quickly after being washed . 
I was didn't have any hesitation to wear the socks a second day without washing them . 
I can't say that for any of the other socks I took on the trip . 
2 - 3 pairs of these socks would have replaced 7-10 pairs of cotton socks for me.Pros : SoftSupportiveDurableCoolComfortableDries quicklyWicks away sweatCons : More expensive than cotton socksLimited color optionsBulkier than comparable cotton socks 
I wore these with military boots for numerous forced marches and during the Spartan Death Race in Vermont . 
Will be getting these every winter 
They launder and wear well . 
I recommend them if you get cold feet in the winter . 
My 82 - year-old mother did , too , and asked for some of her own . 
She loves them . 
I had to send it back . 
I did like how it was made and the material . 
It is my fault for picking the wrong size . 
I had been buying boots and found that I really needed an 8 to get in and feel comfortable . 
So ... I can't recall if this came in 1/2 size ? ? 
but ... 
I went for the 8 . 
My usual shoe size is a 7 1/2 . It is gradually conforming to my feet and maybe ? 
if I pull the string ? ? 
it will fit a bit better ? . 
I really love the suede Mocassin . 
. 
( I go barefoot a lot . ) ... 
and my husband dislikes this for safety sake ... this is safer , and still feels much like going barefoot ! 
Get your regular size if it comes in 1/2 sizes . 
if not go bigger and hope it conforms more to your foot ? 
I am hoping ... 
I wear these at least twice a week , they're really the only shoes I wear in public besides my vans & toms . 
However , within 3 days of wearing them the lining of the soles started coming apart ! ! 
I tried to put the lining of the sole back in place , but the glue they used has became gummy and lost its adhesiveness . 
I am very disappointed in this product and will think twice before purchasing another pair of Minnetonka's . 
I think they were a whole size off . 
The quality of the shoe seemed nice , but I just returned them because I did not want to hassle with trying to get the sizing right . 
Bought this to support a holster and mag pouch for recreational use of a Remington 1911 R1 . 
I wear a size 34 pants and the large was right on the money ( do not use this to hold up your pants , wear it over your pants and belt to hold your weapons ) plastic closures metal adjustment cam type locks . 
Good quality belt . 
This belt is made to carry your gear with Alice or Molle , not hold your pants up . 
It's worn over your pants . 
It's adjustable . 
This is a tool not a fashion statement . 
This would be huge on a child 
I bought these thinking that I was getting the best slippers because of the UGG name brand . 
These had no give in the sole so it felt like I was walking on snowshoes . 
Very stiff . 
I have some slippers I got at Target that I would rather keep than waste so much money on these . 
If you love a very stiff sole with no give and want to wear slippers without socks these may be for you . 
Not for me . 
A bit pricey but Uggs are . 
Would recommend if you want some Uggs ! 
I wear them in the Fall and Winter when it's cold outside . 
This is my 2nd pair in six years . 
I would definitely recommend them . 
What can I say ... these provide classic ugg coziness with awesome fit and quality . 
Just wish they were not made in China ! 
They are so cozy . 
So pretty in pink . 
They fit true to size for me I'm a 7 and ordered a 7 and they fit perfectly . 
These were just what my mom wanted for the reception for dancing ... they will do what they need to do .. stop my mom from having to walk around in heels or barefoot all night long 
I got these to wear for praise dancing . 
They are perfect ! ! 
they feel so good on my feet and the non slip bottoms kept me dance with no worry of slipping ! 
All fit well and are very comfy and last ! 
I got a black one and it looks very pretty but I had to exchange it for a large size since it runs small . I have a 7 1/2 shoe size and with the large slipper I feel very comfortable . 
I wore them so much that after about 5 yrs . 
the elastic gave out . 
They are just the perfect thing for traveling . 
Also around the house in wamer weather is an ideal place to wear them . 
When the elastic started giving out on our last vacation a couple of months ago , I looked in stores but was unable to find any . 
So ... I turned to Amazon and , voila ! 
I'm unable to comment on the fit of the ones I'm ordering , of course , but if they're anything like my old ones , they'll fit perfectly . 
I wear a med . 
size 7 . 
Bought these for my daughter and for me . 
Nothing better than putting on these cushy slippers after walking around all day on the cruise ship . 
! 
They are washable too . 
I really like the isotoner ballet slippers to wear around the house . 
I have them in several colors . 
The size large fits perfectly as I wear a size 8 or 8 1/2 shoe . 
These are the slippers for everything but prolonged walks with the family dog . 
The sole is nonslip and the " upper " is a spandex like material that keeps these on whatever you are doing . 
Not fuzzy , not funky , just practical . 
The soles are padded and add to the comfort . 
Usually Isotoner is right on with their products but these could be made a little better in that the opening needs to be smaller . 
But the padding on the bottom is really thick and nice . 
And the material is soft . 
I've gotten these slippers several times over the past several years , and they haven't changed . 
I wear them mostly around the house , but occasionally outside for a few moments . 
Comfy and not bulky . 
A good buy . 
y 
you truly need to go up a size when ordering . 
i bought more and ordered a size medium instead of small and they fit perfect . 
Less frumpy alternative to normal house slippers . 
Holding up really well after 6 or so months . 
They are size XXL . 
Normally they only go to XL and run small . 
I wanted them for a couple of trips I'm taking . 
I would recommend them . 
I got these and tried them on and my toes and heel both stick over the front and back edges of the sole ( ? ) . 
Wore it after my wedding ceremony during the luncheon afterward . 
Saved my poor feet from my wedding shoes ! 
:) 
My go to slipper if I need to wear heels for an event but have to do any type of walking to get there . 
We don't wear shoes in our house , and I'm not a fan of big bulky slippers . 
These are my favorite slippers of all time . 
They are lightweight and very durable . 
I wear them every day ( I'm a stay-at-home-mom ) and you couldn't tell . 
Virtually no visible wear on them . 
I'm not sure if it's due to the lining , but I will say that they haven't taken on any smell , as I've found many shoes and slippers often do over time . 
Also , you can put them in the washer and dryer and they come out like new . 
These slippers fit the bill for me . 
I have Uggs for the really cold days , but these are my go to slippers for most days . 
so glad to have found these online . 
i plan to get more colors . 
They fit perfectly ( once I realized I needed medium ! ) . 
They last and are washable , what more could I ask ? 
( this is Carolyn Robert's wife ) 
Definitely would recommend them . 
Shirt fits right and looks good . 
Blue color is slightly lighter shade than shown in picture , but is close enough to be perfectly acceptable . 
I am a Carhartt lover , I wear it as a casual or around the house work shirt , and it is comfortable , a true 3X , in this case and the material seems heavy , is comfortable ( soft ) and is made like it will last for years ( although I am hoping to need a 2X soon , another story ) . I have always ahd a good experience with Carhartt and their sizing runs true to roomy for a big guy ! 
Rugged , long lasting and they both tell me these are super comfortable.Sizes are what you expect and they fit . 
It's a good choice for when a tee is too casual but a regular shirt might get ruined , and collar points might be dangerous . 
So far stains come out without much trouble . 
Length is good for me , I'm 6-1 , which is too tall for a Regular and not tall enough for some Tall sizes . 
Unless you're exceptionally long-bodied , if you're between 6-0 and 6-5 this should be right . 
Can't go wrong with Carhartt.Surprised my husband with 3 of these . 
Not to thin . 
I am slowly getting my husband to transition to wearing these shirts over the brand name xxl shirts he's always worn ( Fox , Hurley , etc ) . 
They all just shrink up too short for him ( he's 6 ' 3 ) . 
I fall between medium and large in shirts usually . 
I'm unsure if this is supposed to feel this way but I think the chest is slightly too tight and the yoke feels loose . 
Almost as if the shirt was made backwards . 
The royal blue is not 100 % cotton , but it's still mostly cotton and it didn't fade in the washer or shrink in the dryer . 
The Badger brand is made very well . 
The fit was perfect . 
It washes up easily and is wrinkle free . 
He loves it and now wants another color . 
The windbreaker material gets COLD . 
I'm not a wus either - I ran in - 34 degrees last week with my cedar point / cedar fair windbreaker , a long sleeve cotton shirt , and a short sleeve cotton shirt for extra core warmth and was fine . 
This thing is awful ! ! 
I wouldn't recommend it , not for COLD weather , which is what I wanted it for . 
Came fast . 
I bought this shirt because blue / black is my favorite combination . 
With these sweater I've washed them several times and they shrank a little as expected but still fit great.The only complaint I have is that they are pretty thin , they are not heavy so great for summer mornings but in winter ( California winter ) I will need to purchase a heavier sweater or put a jacket over it . 
This is just a plain old regular lighter weight sweatshirt . 
I am impressed that I could get a good quality hoodie for so cheap . 
So what can you say .. it's a hooded sweatshirt ... but I ordered XL because everyone was saying it was small ... not the case on me ... it was way too big ... as a matter of fact .. it's in the washer with hot water .. and will be dried in the dryer to shrink it ! 
I am 6 ' 2 " , 205 44 chest and bigger arms ... small waist ... so ... I am confused as to why everyone was saying these fit small ... that being said ... I don't like clothes to fit " american " ... I prefer a little more snug * not overly tight * ... more european 
I thought this sweatshirt was for children , so I ordered a large . 
A good hoodie and long enough . 
Somewhat more lightweight than an all cotton shirt , but just right for spring . 
i don't get the negative comments , this fit me perfect . 
i am female and got a size small in mens in juniors i wear L . this was made well . 
i looked around the sweater but there were no rips , nor threads loose . 
I adore it and want to order another for my Vocaloid cosplay and alter it :) 
It'll probably shrink a little , so I'm not disappointed it's a little larger than I thought it would be . 
wanted something dark in color to wear while playing with the kids at the playground and on the field , but that did not cost a lot . 
got it with this item . 
no complaints 
quality made , like the pocket , and price is nice ! 
! 
hubby loves these there long enough to cover belly and has a pocket as well . 
Now just what can you say about a T-shirt ? 
It has an opening for the head and it has a pocket . 
I am used to heavy T , I found this one to be a little thin . 
It was ok , but will look for something more substantial next time . 
Somewhat large , but its okay as undershirt wear . 
I hope it lasts as long as the last one I ordered . 
Item came earlier than promised and in good shape . 
Thank you USPS . 
if you wear a large buy an extra large that way they will fit.they are a little thin but make a good under shirt . 
The material is very soft.Not very thick but as finite but very well made . 
Perfect fit ... I usually wear a medium but ordered a large for summer comfort . 
( I lined dried ) 
i bought my actual size and fit perfect . 
i wear a med and am a size 10/12 . 
The only thing that I find wrong with this shirt is after it is in the dryer and hung up the bottom of it folds up 
Fits well , looks good , washes well , keeps its shape . 
Would recommend these shirts to anyone looking for comfort . 
I like this hanes t-shirt . 
Really , no complaints . 
I bought a couple of these shirts for my fianc . 
The California blue and the Birch colors . 
He can dress them up or just wear them boppin ' around town . 
For $ 7.20 you get what you pay for ... this did not fit well , very large arms and quite long ( down to elbow ) . 
Baggy and the material felt cheap . 
I returned it . 
The sleeves come down to almost the elbow , which is what he wanted . 
We will buy more of these in the future . 
I was very satisfied with it and I like for the color and fit . 
I would recommend this Polo shirt to family and friends . 
It is as described but well made . 
I purchased a XL , usually my husband is a XL , but I've been caught out before when purchasing online , needing a size bigger or smaller . 
XL was the perfect fit ! 
For the price of a 5XL shirt made me wonder if this shirt was going to be cheaply made . 
I took a chance and ordered some . 
When they arrived to my surprise they are made pretty good . 
It is a shirt that is affordable enough to buy if you have gained weight over the years ( For me that is a lot of weight ) and plan on loosing that weight fast . 
That way you aren't out of a lot of money if you are fortunate enough to loose weight . 
I will buy a few more . 
I would suggest going a size bigger to get the desired look . 
THIS WAS ANOTHER SUCCESS STORY . 
I'VE HAD IT FOR A WHILE NOW AND IT ' S BEEN WASHED MANY TIMES BUT IT HAS NEVER PILLED UP WHICH NOT ONLY LOOKS BAD BUT IS REALLY UNCOMFORTABLE AS WELL . 
THERE'S NOT AN ELEMENT OF SURPRISE BUT ALSO NO ELEMENT OF SHOCK - THE GIFT NEVER TURNS OUT BADLY THIS WAY AND THERE ARE USUALLY EVIEWS FROM OTHER CUSTOMERS THAT ONE CAN LOOK THROUGH TO AID IN MAKING A FINAL DECISION . 
The shirt sizing is good . 
I haven't washed the shirt yet , and maybe I shouldn't . 
It seriously is what most would refer to being thread-bear . 
I have shirts 10 years old that have been worn and washed numerous times and they are in better shape than this shirt is new . I wouldn't take possession of the shirt again if it was free plus $ 25But that's me . 
DELIVERED ON TIME , WOULD RECOMMEND . 
I have a few Jerzees that I've used to sleep in instead of PJ tops so I knew this would be OK as an extra white tennis polo .. like them ( I have two ) for the money . 
the t-s * * * came out way too big even when I selected the size you usually use . 
also the quality of the fabric is low , I do not think you can use more than 1 time . 
arrepiendo me to have made this purchase . 
They are good shorts but if over 5 ' 5 " they aren't for you . 
personally I like my shorts longer but if your around 5 ' - 5 ' 5 " they are mid thigh . 
uneven legs but mostly legs less torso so I have good length inseam . 
This XL short has a smaller waist than all other L shorts I've bought . 
The problem is that , other than the waist , they are certainly XL . 
I just don't recomend this product . 
It's not well proportioned . 
He would recommend them . 
The elastic inside is supposed to be covered - forget that . 
It is not and as a result your skin will get covered with a rash - Do not waste your money . 
Not worth sending back . 
The shipping makes it not worth it . 
A good rag to rub stuff with . 
sit in wheelchair all day , wanted something simple , easy to use , and could be washed every time I used them . 
too long . 
I usually wear a large . 
i'm 16.5 and 34/35 but this shirt is larger than other size Large that is usually get from the Gap or Old Navy.However , the company GotApparel was insanely nice about the return.They credited my account and told me not even to ship the item back . I will now try purchasing a size Medium . 
When I got this shirt and took it out of the package , I was pleasantly surprized.Then I put it on to find it was a kids shirt in size.Luckily , I have a 12 year old grandson.tat it did fitI'm not sure about there other shirts , but this one should rate " do not buy " 
I bought this for my boyfriend to wear as part of a Gilligan costume . 
As soon as he opened it and put it on he decided he would wear it long after the party we needed it for . 
I realized in my wardrobe , that I did not have any baby blue cami's or tanks . 
This fit both . 
It fits me perfect . 
Love the color.Cons - NoneWho is it for ? 
Women 
I normally wear small , size 4 fits me perfectly ( bust 34 ) . 
I read the reviews and decided to buy large instead of small , it fits loosely . 
But since the shirt expects to shrink , I'd say if you wear a small then go for large . 
After reading all the reviews , I ordered a size based on the size chart provided on the listing . 
Glad I did because it fit as expected . 
Unlike most " t shirts " this one is stretchy with a rib knit so no matter what size you are , it likely will be form-fitting but not strangling tight with a regular material tee . 
It's really comfy and I'd buy more . 
I'm glad I read other reviews before ordering . 
I ordered up 2 sizes and it's a perfect fit . 
Comfy and cute . 
It came exactly when expected , definetly not an xlarge , wish it would have been a little bigger , but still fits . 
Color isn't great , I ordered black and grey thinking it would be a decent looking grey , but its a crappy faded grey and even the black sleeves are faded , its just and all around cheap looking cotton shirt you'd get from somewhere like Walmart . 
Won't be ordering again . 
Good to run around in . 
I usually wear an XS / S and purchased a L due to review AND my own experience with Bella . 
In the past for the Bella Vintage Helena Tank a L was the correct size . 
I'd go with a S or M if the polyester didn't bother me . 
The fit is kind of unflattering and boxy  like a boy's top . 
Not impressed . 
Returning . 
I purposely ordered an x-large because they are cotton . 
I usually wear a medium to large . 
The fabric is very soft . 
I bought the grey and black one and liked it so much that the day after I wore it , I ordered this one . 
As described . 
Fit true to size . 
It washes and drys and continues to wear well . 
i should have ordered a bigger size but I thought it would fit . 
I can wear them as undershirt in Winter and layer it with a shirt in Summer . 
I need XL ( I wear 16 average ) and they fit right on the top and are nice and long to tuck in with out pulling out . 
I would definitely buy these again . 
you can never go wrong by having this tank tops in your closet especially when they fit right . 
This is a keeper ! 
thank you ! 
Longer length . 
Light weight . 
I rated this a 4 because it is a bit transparent so you need to wear a bra under it . 
The cinch cord is one-piece which means i don ; t have to grab a safety pin and try to coax back one end of a two-piece cinch cord when it pops into the waistband and gets lost . 
I cannot seem to find these in my local stores for some reason . 
He even looks cute in them . 
Good to know they didn't shrink and came out very nice . 
I say buy them because they are great sweats for the money ! ! 
! 
I like jerzees sweatpants . 
Cannot find them locally so I had to buy online . 
Paid more than I wanted but had no choice . 
Use these all of the time for casual wear in sunny California . 
I had high hopes for these sweats as I have several sweatshirts by Jerzees that I really like . 
These are a poor imitation . 
I've worn them bicycling twice and washed once and already a side seam and pocket stitching have unravelled ! ! 
I hardly consider that wear-and-tear , that is just way too soon for any garment to start falling apart . 
Please see my review on the " Jerzees 1/4 Zip Cadet Collar Sweatshirt " . 
the colors and materials are a perfect match . 
Very cozy to wear casually when lounging in the house or as pajamas or for sports & yard work . 
Will buy more colors in the future ! 
I guess they were made in china like everything else we have in the USA ! ! ! 
After two washes had to sew them back together.would not recommend 
Material is of pretty good thickness . 
Doesn't feel cheap . 2 . 
Entire hand can fit in pockets . 
Elastic at the ankle fits tight enough to to allow the pant leg bottom to fall over the top of my shoe.The Bad : 1 . 
And this the worst part . 
The string to tie is just a loop that sticks out and there is no " drawstring restraining clip " . 
There is no way to get the waist tight that I know of . I wouldn't purchase these again . 
I like sweatpants with pockets and ordered some that came without . 
! 
These fit well , I like the pockets ( could be a little deeper , but not so shallow that things fall out ) , the thickness good , and the ankles are snug without being too loose or too tight . 
I will buy jogging pants from amazon all the time now ! 
This is my third pair and I love ' em.Couldn ' t ask for a better fit.keep up the good work Jerzees and thanks 
This is supposed to be a " Born to be Worn " t-shirt , but instead they sent me " Beefy-T " shirts which are a different cut . 
While the Beefy-T's aren't too bad , they're much wider especially at the arms and seem to be slightly larger at the shoulders than expected . 
Unfortunately , they charge shipping costs to get a replacement , so it's not worth returning them due to their low price.The Beefy-T is an alright shirt : it's pretty sturdy yet soft and a decent trunk length though the width is a bit on the large size . 
It really only looks good on heftier people , particularly buff guys - - especially with the sleeves . 
Not exactly my body type , but it'll have to do . 
I'm quite disappointed with their false advertisement . 
Husband really likes the shirt 
The fit perfectlly too and looked awesome ! These new ones , not so much.Pros : - Fits alright , not like it use to ( Size : Medium ) - Still thicker than most of those silk-like POS's you find now-a-days . 
( but not by much . 
) Cons : - Collar no longer fits snug-Bit more athletic size-A LOT THINNER than they were before . I might buy some more considering the price and the selection I have offered is better than any other clothing store , but that's all . 2 Stars for gimping out on your product Hanes . 
Shame on you . 
They compare favorably to more expensive shirts . 
Origin is El Salvador . 
Just a little big . 
Should have ordered a smaller size . 
I ordered one of these shirts for my husband thinking it would be similar to the " beefy t " that he likes . 
It's actually not much heavier at all than the regular weight gray t shirts you buy in the packs . 
It's definitely not like the beefy t weight . 
If you're looking for something oh so slightly heavier than the regular ones then this is for you . 
My husband loves this shirt . 
I have bought it for Amazon Prime free shipping bargain and still have this shirt . 
It looks good and quality is good . 
I gave it four stars just because it is sticking to the body when I go to gym to it and my body gets sweaty , but for the price it is great value item . 
Good fit until the shirt was washed . 
One washing cycle and the shirt shrank by almost 2 sizes . 
Gave it to a friend's pre-teen son and she said it continued shrinking and now her younger daughter is wearing the shirt . 
Not the quality you would expect from Hanes . 
They are also nice enough to not look like a t-shirt if you have them as long sleeves underneath a short sleeve shirt . 
Does not fit too well for sleeping top . 
Wanted something warm for the winter months and basically wasted my money on this product . 
I liked this and I have no concerns or complaints at all . 
There have already been a couple days since I got this that I found myself looking forward to changing into when I got home from work . 
The sleeves end in elastic which helps to keep the warmth in - a key point with shirts for me.For under $ 10 and free prime shipping I have only great things to say about this shirt , and I'm thinking about getting another 1 or 2 in different colors . 
Can't really go wrong here . - D 
When it's too hot to wear the required long sleeve shirt or jacket while riding a motorcycle on a military base , this shirt works perfect . 
As others have said , there is nothing " heavyweight " about this tee . 
Too much like an undershirt to wear out for a coffee run . 
I would buy this again and probably will . 
good product 
It seems a bit bulky in the wrong places and the blocking is off . 
I do like the color a lot , as this shade of blue is difficult to find ( and the picture seems quite true to the color ) . 
It is well made . 
It is not too thin . 
I would definitely buy it again . 
Thank you . 
I am a an inch over six feet tall , skinny , and long limbed . 
So with that being said , take my lanky-ness into consideration with this review . 
I found that it just wasn't quite as long as I would have liked . 
I usually wear a large , unless it has long sleeves , then I usually go a size up . 
I ordered the green in large , and it was too short in the sleeves for me . 
I ordered a size up in Navy , and it was fine - until I washed it . 
It shrank just enough . 
It still fit great , but I found that I was constantly tugging on my sleeves to get that little extra length that I missed . 
I could order one more size up , but then it would be too big everywhere else.The colors are great and they match very closely to what they have pictured here , and they do seem to be well made . 
I don't doubt that they will last quite a while . 
If you are looking for a longer bodied / sleeved shirt , try the " sophie " version of this shirt . 
The material is thinner , as it was meant for layering under tees or over a cami or tank , but the length is perfect for me ! Overall , I still like the shirts that I bought , I just push the sleeves up some ; I might even cut the sleeves and hem them . 
I only wish they had this rib material in the " sophie " cut - that would be the best of both world , IMHO . 
This shirt is nicer than what the price would lead you to believe . 
* * Update * * I ordered an XXL in the pink , just to give it one more shot ( they are really soft ! 
) , and that one is nice and long , but it was a bit baggy every where else ( as expected ) . 
If it shrinks a bit , it could end up a very good fit . 
I should warn you that the the pink shirt is just thin enough to need another layer . 
Beautiful necklace , well made and lovely due to the 3D effect of it's construction , I will probably buy one for myself ! 
I want to say " Thank You " to the reviewer that suggested placing a plastic bag over the shoes BEFORE slipping on the boots - - it works ! ! . 
They are quite tight . 
Putting some talc powder in them makes them much easier to get on and off . 
I cannot get them off without my shoe pulling off inside the boot , which is a bit annoying but not unexpected . 
I was sent the wrong size , a large instead of a medium . 
Instead of receiving return authorization , I was sent a request to give them a five star rating ! 
There was a link to review this item so I am.If this matter is resolved shortly , I will change my rating . 
It seems like a very good product ! 
Bean . 
They were on sale for the same price . 
The tingly's would be better for hiking or very long walks , I think.Update : Return / exchange process very difficult ! 
If I didn't already have a pair of rubber boots , I would be mightily disappointed ! 
Because of continued difficulty , I won't exchange them , even though , I would've really liked to have had these boots.Update again : Amazon quickly remedied the situation by refunding my money . 
They are over-sized like I wanted for emergency wear . 
No complaints here and they serve the purpose . 
Not sure if they would hold up under lots of wear but works for me . 
These were purchased to go over dress shoes rather than work shoes . 
So they are kinda clown shoe like . 
But the rubber is thick and goes up to the top of the shoe . 
These should be a good sturdy alternative to totes . 
This pair of rubbers fits over my shoes much better than any other brand that I have tried . 
The Tote rubbers I have are great for dress shoes but NOT for the European-Style shoes that are much wider than the American Dress shoes that I grew up wearing . 
Overall , I would recommend these rubbers . 
My husband works with livestock and in other wet conditions . 
He has used the overshoes for a long time . 
These are very high quality and the fit is true to size . 
Will by buying these from now on exclusively . 
No I have to sew it . 
I am what you might call a " senior " though I don't admit to it . 
I needed a really low back bra for my wedding dress . 
No odd lumps where the bra ends . 
The cups also fit perfectly and the bra doesn't show at all under my dress . 
I cannot wait to wear this in a few months . 
Unless you're wearing something with a puffed out high waist , this just won't work . 
I was hoping to have something that I could replace spanx with , but it made everything push out where it ended , like a reverse muffin top . 
Not what I was looking for . 
I bought this to wear with my sheath wedding dress , and the seamless lack of underwire makes for such a sleek and sexy figure flatering . 
This worked well for under my wedding dress . 
Its very soft and fit well . 
However , after wearing it for 5 hours I had sores on my sides from the boning rubbing me raw . 
Excellent potential if you get the right fit . 
I should have passed based on previous reviews posted here but I love all the other Spanx products I have tried , including the wired Bra-llelujah , so I really wanted to give this a try . 
The straps are too short on my 5 ' 8 " frame , so it rides up , as noted by other reviewers ... 
I do not have this problem with the wired version . 
The bra is pretty unattractive . 
I would recommend for going out at night . 
Got this for my husband's grandmother for Christmas in Turquoise . 
I'm pretty picky about the quality of gifts - if the material had been too thin or flimsy , I would have found something else to give her . 
Arrived in excellent packaging . 
The price really was the selling point for me , but it doesn't feel cheap . 
If you want a basic wrap to wear with an evening dress , this will do the job well . 
If you're looking for something for real warmth on it's own , you'll need something that is more heavy-weight , but for my purpose , it works quite well . 
They are great for cool evening , visiting friends , and wearing to church to accentuate outfits . 
I ordered two of these and they are large enough to wrap up in . 
It's not too heavy or too thin . 
They are perfect . 
It feels very soft . 
It's the right length . 
The quality is good for the price . 
I would definitely recommend it . 
So I was looking for something that would give me the support I need but with comfort ( no under wires ) . 
This bra is perfect ! 
I feel I can even sleep with it on but at the same time it is so efficient ! 
It lifts , it separates , it holds in place , it gives support ... The quality is superb ! 
Soft and wide cushioned straps , breathable material at the back ( perfect for gym or hot summers ) , and the lining is very soft against the skin . I'm ordering more of it . I think every woman with large breast should have this bra ! 
This came really fast ! 
I didn't bother ; they were cheap enough and to hold onto the warranty info is more work than I'll be able to deal with . 
Haha . 
These were a little large . 
I love the slipper , but they did not last very long for the high price I paid for them . 
They are not true to size , I wear a size 8 , and my toe was at the end of the slipper . 
They were hard rubber sole which I liked for wearing indoor or outdoor , and genuine leather ... but ... when I needed to wash them , I washed them by hand with a mild soad , and after a few washes they fell apart . 
The sole which is glued to the bottom of the leather gave way , and I now can not wear them anymore . 
I still have them , hoping that I can somehow glue the sole back onto them , but I dont really know if they are worth all that trouble . 
I now buy washable slippers . 
These are well made slippers and would be very comfortable if they didn't run so large , I wear an 8.5 and any other brand I have bought I have to size up because they end up way too small , these you need to size down . 
I have bought this brand for my husband and sons for years and have not been disappointed . 
My guys are hard on footwear and I have not had a problem with the quality . 
I generally don't wear socks when I first get moccasins so that the shoe has a chance to conform with my foot . 
Even with the hard sole , I had no problem wearing them for hours on end . 
And at the end of the day , the leather / dye did not come off on my foot too much . 
There was some leather flakes but nothing that I wasn't expecting . 
The dye doesn't rub off so it won't stain your socks . 
That being said though , I wouldn't wear white socks with them . 
Even if the dye doesn't rub off , your feet are still going to sweat causing there to be some discoloration with the sock and the leather.So to sum up : Super comfortableFits as expected so if you wear a size 7 ( like me ) buy a size 7Light weight and breathableEasy on / off zipper in backI would recommend buying this . 
I plan on getting another pair in black soon . 
Cute boot cover the ankle flat and comfortable , they look just like the picture and they are true to size . 
I finally got my shoe back . 
I only wish they had been soft sole in stead of hard . I like to walk softly , like a black panther . 
Excellent support ... one issue . 
Added too much height to my 5 ' 1 " frame ! 
I'm a college professor , and am on my feet for hours at a time . 
I can lecture for hours , run all over campus , and then still go out in these . 
Most of my Jambu's have more of the platform design , and I really love that these have more of a heel . 
I usually wear an 8.5 in Jambu , and these fit exactly right . 
I can't recommend this brand enough ! 
This fit a little larger than I expected , but now I consider that a blessing ! 
My baby is 6 mo old and he is 16lb . 
These just fit . 
I use them as sleep shirts or undershirts . 
The shirts mostly fit well.My son isn't 18 months old yet , but he wears 18 month cloths in nearly every brand . 
The fit everywhere except the shoulders . 
The neck opening is a little too loose , and when he's running around it will sometimes slide off of one shoulder or the other . 
If we put a t-shirt over this shirt , it works perfect . 
These are our favorite onesies for our boys . 
A lot thicker and softer than the Carters or Gerbers . 
They barely snap around my 5 month old , despite the tag saying these are 9 month clothes . 
I bought these because it gets blazing hot here in summer so I wanted a white tank onesie for baby to keep her cool . 
This fabric is too heavy for this purpose . 
It would be nice fabric for an adult women's t-shirt to avoid show-through but baby doesn't need that . 
Good fit . 
Perfect for wearing by itself on a hot day or under clothes when cool out . 
I bought these for my twins , but was disappointed in how they shrink in length , but remain boxy and wide . 
The fabric is soft or I would have rated it one star . 
I wouldn't buy again . 
I really like the quality too . 
I got these for my wedding because I am in a wheelchair and due to my feet being a bit deformed ( they do not sit flat on the ground ) I can not wear regular shoes so thought this would be pretty for my feet with my wedding dress . 
I was apprehensive about the reviews and so did as some suggested and bought a size up . 
I got the medium which I had hoped would give me a little room . 
I use too ( before my issue got worse ) wear size 6-7 shoes . 
I am glad I did not get smaller ! 
they would not have fit otherwise . 
the padding on bottom is VERY soft and cloud like which is real comfy . 
I hope they stretch out a wee bit but my toes are not scrunched any so I would suggest to go up at least one to two sizes in number then pick that size ( ie if you wear a size 7-8 in shoe I would go for large to be safe ) as to the aesthetic value I am pleased , I wish they would take that stupid tied bow off them though that surely makes them look like slippers ugh ... 
I plan to snip that off and add some sequins and pearls and other beads that I have left over from my wedding dress to that spot but otherwise from what I can tell they seem well made , not falling apart . 
I really do like them ( except for that silly bow ) 
I have been wearing this style Isotoner all my adult life and I love them  .. bought these for my daughter-in-law to be to wear while she is getting ready for her wedding events ! 
! 
Perfect for my wedding day ! 
I wore them all night except during the garter ceremony ( wore heals ) . 
Very disappointed with this item . 
I'm returning it . 
The one pro is that yes , it does pact relatively flat . 
But it does this by sacrificing space over my current hanging bag which has lasted at least a decade ( seems to be generic , I can't find a brand on my old bag unfortunately to recommend it ) . 
This is nowhere near that quality . 
The pockets aren't that well designed , not impressed with the zipper , and as other reviewers have noted it has a small hook to hand ( but that's typical ) . 
It really fits well in a suitcase . 
It is flat , but fits quite a bit in it . 
I always pack my toiletry kit last and then am left wondering how to fit it in my already-packed suit case . 
This lies flat on top of everything else . 
Bottom line : This will hold a lot of stuff . 
It packs super flat , and that saved me room in my bag . 
This is as awesome as everyone says it is , and possibly more ! 
It was a little big on him but given we ordered the 2-4 t we expected that . 
He was still able to wear it without tripping and we figure he can use it to play dress up for a bit in the house . 
Cute costume that isn't too typical . 
I ordered this for my infant and was sent a toddler outfit . 
I tried to return it but it proved to be too big of a hassle I just gave up ! ! ! 
Don't bother ... You could get a hat off of esty and it would actually fit . 
Very upset :( 
This seems like a great light weight weatherproof jacket . 
The fit is perfect . 
I like the elastic sleeve ends and the light lining . 
The price was right too . 
The jacket came and I wore it the next day as it was very cold for my area . 
I normally do not wear jackets here but am glad I purchased this as it fits and looks great . 
I have been looking for a good spring \ fall jacket like this one for a long time . 
I had one years ago and my son borrowed it and of course left it somewhere and I have been on a search for a replacement ever since . 
I have purchased at least three replacement and none of them had the qualities I was looking for similar to my old one - comfortable fit , wrinkle resistant , wind resistant and easy to clean . 
This jacket has all that and more . I ended up purchasing two jackets that seemed to fit the bill , this one and the London Fog Men's Auburn Zip Front Mesh Lined Golf Jacket . 
I could not decide between the two so I got them both and ended up sending back the London Fog . 
So this is somewhat a comparison review between the two.The London Fog had a few nice features I liked over this one , the sleeves were a bit longer and did not have cuffs , and the pockets had a zippered pocket next to a regular open pocket which I thought was pretty slick . 
Plus the front zipper was hidden which gave it a nice look . 
But it was a bit short and the mesh lining did not feel good against the skin . 
The main reason I went with this jacket though was the microfiber material . 
It came out of the shipping bag with virtually no wrinkles and what it did have disappeared in minutes after unpacking . 
The London Fog in no way could compare when it comes to being wrinkle free and that is what I liked most about my old jacket . 
You can wad this jacket into a ball and tuck it in a drawer for a day , pull it out , give it a shake and you're ready to go . 
It's that wrinkle resistant . 
Very comfy to wear even when driving.At first I did not think I would like the stretch style cuffs and waist band , but now that I have worn it for a bit I like it a lot . 
I also wear a lot of shirts that do not tuck so when I go out I curl them up under the waist band until I get where I'm going . 
It works out well.The jacket is perfect for cool mornings when I walk into work from our company parking structure where it can get pretty cool . 
It keeps you pretty warm down to the mid 40 ' s no problem . 
It breaks the wind well and while it's not waterproof it does the job when there is a light rain and dries quickly afterwards . 
Not to short for normal wear but to swing a golf club it would feel restrictive . 
I have had more than one person comment on how nice a jacket it is so there is that . 
I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a stylish , practical spring / fall jacket . 
If you have any questions feel free to let me know , I'd be happy to help with your buying decision . 
Very attractive and I think it is a good value for the price when you compare it to similar jackets . 
Nothing else to say . 
It looks well made and it washed well . 
He does like it . 
Looks good on him . 
I could have used an XLT , because the sleeves are a bit short . 
But , evidently , it doesn't come in a TALL . 
This garment fitted perfectly and the only reason I didn't rate it 5 is because I a wrong colour . 
Whenever I wear this , I need to get my husband to fasten it for me . 
I am very impressed with this bracelet . 
It is bigger than I expected . 
I just recently starting wearing more silver jewelry and needed a bracelet to go with my other jewelry . 
My wife loves it and wears it frequently . 
A good " everyday " piece of jewelry which also seems to be well made . 
I gave this five stars because this design will never go out of style ! ! 
! 
But it does not hold an iPhone 5s . 
So I returned mine because it was too small for my phone . 
I'm going to measure my phone and the bag and get another bagallini . 
The bag was so cute I hated to return it I wish I could have kept it . 
I bought this because I work with children and need to keep my phone on me at all times during work and my hands free . 
Carrying my phone around did NOT work . 
I would put it down and forget where I put it . 
I haven't had a cross body before as I do not really care for their visual appeal compared to shoulder bags . 
However , for convienance reasons I am completely sold ! ! 
I was a little taken back by the price of this mini bag ( I guess I am cheap , I dont know ) but I am glad I got it . 
More of a money purse , room for cash credit cards and change . 
My passport barely made it and was difficult to get in and out . 
I like this so much I have ordered it in several colors . 
They have endured a lot on his feet and are holding up . 
I purchased these boots for a boy on his fifth birthday . 
He loves them so much he never takes them off ( even to sleep ) The boots are well made , arrive on time in a properly packaged box . 
I would definitely purchase from this vendor again . 
If you want a fun pirate costume , get this one ! 
My son has had multiple pirate costumes and this is his favorite by far ! 
( He was a little disappointed it didn't come with the eye patch and sword , but we had those things from other costumes . ) 
I followed advice to at least buy the shoe a half size bigger . 
Normally and 11M gives me room for socks and shoe pads . 
This shoe is really narrow and I could barely get my foot into it . 
Didn't trust that it would stretch because I bought it for the reported comfort postings . 
Also not as cute as I thought it would be . 
Wow ! 
Can't run without these now , need to buy some more 
Great socks , I wear four different running shoes / sneakers and these fit well in all of them . 
Feet stay dry as well . 
I LOVE Thorlo running rolltop socks . 
I have been wearing them for several years and they are just the BEST . 
They have figured out just the right amount of padding to put under the parts of your foot that contact the ground . 
The socks are extremely comfortable and long wearing . 
I walk for exercise and these are my socks of choice . 
They are comfortable and wear well , I wouldn't wear anything else for my feet . 
I found these socks to fit a little large ( i purchased large and I am a male Size 10 shoe ) . 
As disclaimer , I like socks with a lot of lycra in them as I cannot stand those that slip down behind the heel . 
These have a substantial amount of padding in the key areas - so much that it was difficult for me to get my shoes on with these without disrupting the " alignment " of the sock itself . 
Again , if you prefer your socks to be somewhat loose and sloppy - with some great padding in the heel and forefoot areas , these are for you . 
I wear these after running for recovery and just when a want to wear something cushioned and comfy , love them . 
My family and I love the Thorlo brand socks , there hasn't been a type that we have tried and not liked . 
Very pricey , but they wear like iron , so in the long run you save money . 
Cushioned in the right places and a little bit ? 
of compression through the arch . 
Feels heavenly . 
What can I say - other than ... 
I've been wearing thorlos fornearly 20 years ? ! 
Not even sure how long other than any otherpair of training socks I buy can never compare.Each pair lasts a long time as well ... Love this brand . 
I do not like wearing socks . 
I wear sandals as far into fall as i can then these when i have to wear socks . 
My wife has worn Thorlo socks for a log time and I never could understand why she spent so much extra for them . 
The Lite Running style has the padding exactly where I want it - - the toes and heel area - - without adding bulk where I don't need the padding . 
I'm now going to try the men's dress socks ( my wife also ordered a pair of women's dress socks to try ) . 
Read the reviews . 
These socks seem to last forever . 
I bought this socks for my morning walks - I usually go for ~ 2.5 mi walk in the morning - and they were just ok . 
I like the protection I get for my skin but not sure it's worth it ... might be better for colder days ... 
They provide some nice padding without adding too much bulk . 
I like these socks , and have worn them for several years in all kinds of climates . 
There are price deals now and then , you also can get a free pair from the manufacturer if you want to try them out . 
OK as slippers but they are slippery on wood floors . 
As far as wear they don't last forever , and I find the heels wear first . 
Also on my Dunham Cloud boots I had to tape over the insides where the lace eyelets are located to avoid abrasion on the socks . 
( A boot problem I think ) . 
Best causal / boot sock that I have worn in a long time , fit is great with no lumps , I will be ordering more . 
I like these socks for hiking . 
I now have six pairs which are used on a continual basis . 
So , my feet feel dryer and warmer . 
I have been wearing Thorlo Light Hikers for several years now . 
They last a long time . 
If it wasn't for a new puppy in the house I would not have had to order . 
You know puppies ! 
These socks fit well , never bunch up in the shoe . 
Did I mention they last a long time ? 
I spend a good part of each day walking and on my feet . 
Since I started wearing these socks I have not had a blister or sore spot from them . 
Would recommend to a friend . 
I even wear them in the winter around the house . 
I have carpet . 
They would probably be slippery on bare floors . 
Worth every penny . 
Wore with leather boots . 
Fit great , not tight in the toes but not so loose either . 
Wore them for most of a 35 day trip . 
Washed up well in the sink , dried fast if I wrung them out well . 
Would purchase again for sure . 
Some cold-weather socks are very bulky , made of itchy wool or old and tired looking after washing . 
These socks washed well . 
I wish that the sock was longer , however . 
Well cushioned and fit well . 
Probably will buy more in the future . 
I wore these socks all winter , and just decided to order some more for next year just in case ( I hope not ) they become unavailable . 
I have worn Thorlo socks for years and swear by them . 
My last favorite ( white women's " walking socks " ) were discontinued . 
I hope these don't go that same way ! ! 
Soft and comfy and thick . 
THey wick the moisture away from my feet and are the perfect length for my hiking boots . 
So far , they have held up well after being washed and dried . 
He'd said , " I'd really like another pair but they're too expensive . " No , sez I , $ 14 for a good pair of comfortable socks you need is NOT too much . 
He's a very big guy , 6 ' 4 " , and a bit overweight , but also truly big-boned AND big-footed ( feeted ? ) 
This sock has just the right amount of cushion and just the right fit . 
Makes wearing my boots all day long a breeze . 
Wish they had these in the 70s while I was in the service . 
After one or two washings they get little lint balls all over the sock . 
They do not hold up well . 
Do not recommend them for boots . 
Bought these for my husband and he loves them . 
Wears them for work as well as his long walks . 
He says they're like a foot massage , and he's right . 
I wouldn't wear another brand . 
He's a size 10 shoe and the L fits him right . 
He says his other socks tend to be too tight in the ankle / leg but these retain their comfortable elasticity ( yet never slip down ) no matter how many washings . 
Good quality 
Delivered as expected by seller . 
But the few pairs I ordered don't have very tight elastic at the top , essentially starting them down the path of " quitters " way too early . 
Will wear them for the time being , but probably won't replace with the same ones if the fall down on the job . 
Normally I'm very thrifty , so purchasing these socks is taking a leap of faith in the Thorlo brand name . 
Fourteen years ago when I first married my husband I found his socks to be a little lacking ( holey instead of holy ) . 
Yes , they are pricey , but if you are dollar cost averaging , you actually come out ahead in the long run . 
My husband has very muscular calves and these new socks do not cut off his circulation , they are also extremely soft and have nice cushioning on the bottom ( not too much , just right for dress shoes ) . 
Good 
They have a decent amount of cushioning without being too heavy or too thick , and they don't seem to generate much sweat . 
The last pair ( s ) I had did not last as long as I would have liked for this kind of money ( they became thread bare at the top of the heal ) , but that may just be how hard I am on socks . 
I'll update after some wearing time . 
Padded in the right places and don't get too hot , well made , good quality . 
I would definitely recommend them . 
I really need a good cushioned sock , and these are not that . 
If you need good cushioning , look elsewhere . 
He wears a pair every day , they seem to handle the wear well ! 
Arrived quickly and they feel great ! 
I always wear crew socks and these are not as high up on my leg as I am used to . 
Spoke to a THORLO rep and they said if I ordered larger size it could cause a problem with proper sizing within shoe-I will definitely keep buying this brand because even with just the one wearing I noticed a huge difference in how my feet felt 
She likes the support and padding in them when she goes for her excercise walkes . 
At this point , I've given up on the idea . 
Thorlo is my new favorite brand for all my outdoor activities . 
I ordered these as a gift for me sister . 
She claims they're good . 
running ) . 
They're a little expensive , but this is the only sock I'll order from now on . 
I like that there are size choices so I could choose my size , small . 
I've gotten better knee highs at Walmart , or K-mart for $ 2.00- - The top band was a little bit larger than most - but for 11 dollars ? ? 
No way ! ! 
The body of the stocking was flimsy and cheap . 
No Support at all ! 
From the description , you'd think they'd have some weight or support . 
Famous Spanx ? 
Not these Don't waste your money ladies--these are a very bad deal . 
This isn't it . 
I use it as a beach bag instead , I don't like it or care for it . 
The price is decent but this is just not a stylish bag . 
I only kept it because for the price it was too much of a hassle to send it back . 
This was purchased for me from my WISH LIST ! 
Made very well . 
Thanks ! 
It is way too big . 
The measurements of the grey bag are not correct . 
It looks really well made , pretty color , would have been perfect ... 
It would be okay for someone who needs a bag that will hold a lot of items . 
Looked like a sturdy grocery store bag . 
Not worth the money . 
Gave it to my Dtr to use as a " whatever " bag . 
I like this watch . 
I wish the strap or band was leather , but the price was inexpensive . 
I would pay more if the strap was made of leather , as the strap does not fit as well and turns to the side of my wrist . 
I readjust several times in a day . 
Would highly recommend this for others to get for girls 6 and under.Came in as described and quickly . 
so i would recommend 
I wasn't smart enough to switch to side zipper boots until recently . 
That was a dumb mistake . 
unfortunately they cannot be resoled . 
minnetonka never disappoints . 
Saw my doctor . 
He said it is probably caused by a muscle that extends downward from the area of the calf , past the ankle and attaches to the bottom of the foot . 
Looked at a lot of options , as I wanted something that looked decent and was not too heavy . 
They came from Amazon and I immediately tried them on to see what they could do . 
I was impressed from the get-go . 
I've worn them for about ten days , and no complaints . 
When I first got the boots I was not sure I was going to like them . 
I wore them around the house ( inside ) to get a feel for them . 
I normally order a wide boot but I took a chance on ordering the Medium width and they fit great . 
It looks tough really ! 
My friend wants it too ! 
Nice material , nice size , soft , good price and meet expectation.This scarf is so inexpensive , you cannot be wrong if you are looking for a basic black , soft shawl . 
Will probably buy more in different colors . 
Was caught in a cold , wet and windy storm and put this on my head and around my neck and it saved me ! 
It is not 100 % pashima though . 
It is 70 % pashima and 30 % silk , which is fine by me , though the description should be changed ( if it hasn't been already ) . 
I bought this as a gift for my husband and it looks really sharp on his arm . 
This watch well earn you many jealous glances and will be a conversation starter . 
This shirt is a heavy weight fabric that feels like very high quality material . 
It does wrinkly fairly easily but I think it would wrinkle less with a nice heavy starch . 
There are some tears but nothing that has completely gone through . 
I don't know why any parent would travel without putting their kids ' car seat in a bag . 
They have survived several flights without much damage other than normal wear and tear from air travel - - Including checking them with baggage not gate checking the car seats . 
Overall , it gets the job done . 
The straps have some padding but the bag is still a bit awkward to wear as is to be expected . 
I think a tighter fit of the bag around the seat is actually better to reduce shifting of items and damage to the seat . 
If you have more than one seat to haul you will need to get a bag with wheels in addition to the back pack . 
When you invest in a car seat the last thing you want is a baggage handler tossing it around . 
I've seen what they do to regular bags and unfortunately those horrible videos of even pets being mishandled , so I wasn't taking any chances . 
This shoe horn is ok but nothing to bragg about . 
The spring makes it very difficult to handle . 
I wouldn't stay in place and keeps shifting . 
Just get a sturdy , one piece shoe horn and you'd be much much much better off . 
And a another piece of advise - at all costs avoid the ones with a " hook " on the back that is suppose to keep the shoe in place . 
I have it and it is even worse that this one ... 
I was just looking for a long-handled shoe horn and didn't realize the blade was mounted on a spring on this thing . 
I have no idea why anyone would think that's a good idea . 
The blade just flops around between foot and shoe and won't stay where it is needed . 
This is a quality made shoe horn . 
The horn is spring loaded , and can be a little tricky to use at first , but works well once you get comfortable with it . 
I think this tool would be better , however , with a longer handle . 
Another 3-4 inches would make it less awkward to use , as you wouldn't have to depend as much on your flexibility and balance to reach your shoe . 
I ordered these for my husband recently and was so happy when I got them today ! 
These thick-weave thermals are EXACTLY what I've been searching for ! 
The last time I found him decent thermals was about 9 years ago on clearance sale in the hunting / camping section of a walmart and he's STILL wearing them all these years later ! 
! 
These were my go-to thermals last winter for the really , really cold days when I worked outside at a ski resort in Colorado . 
These fit snugly and didn't restrict movement . 
Solid construction - - no holes from wear in the typical spots so far . 
For the price , I don't know where you could find a warmer pair of thermals . 
Very satisfied ! 
not so much no soft 
They srink a little when washed . 
Will buy more . 
I purchased these for my hospital bag . 
The hospital gives boy short like underwear that are very comfy , but after awhile the pads dont really stay in place because they are so loose and it can get messy.No one wants to do dirty laundry in the weeks recovering and coming home with a little one - this is a great value . 
I wear size small / 4-6 and I decided to order up to a medium since I was pregnant with more cushion for the pushin ' - - the size up fit perfect . 
and throw away discreetly in the trash . 
My husband is a mechanic and goes through clothes pretty quickly ... until Carhartt . 
They are pricey , but you get what you pay for . 
Husband loves it ! 
Very substantial fabric . 
Extremely well made . 
I've been wearing Carhartt since my pre teens and it still has that quality feel to it made well and extremely sturdy like it always has been ... 
This comes a little large , which I like because it means I can lift my arms without it pulling up and exposing my midsection to the cold.Quality is the usual carhartt quality and with the heavy stitching on this I expect it to last a good while.Very thick fabric , wore this today instead of a winter coat and was 100 % comfortable.The pocket is massive and easily accessible with gloves on . I can't think of any cons for this product , it is by far the best hoodie I have ever owned and I have no improvements I can think of to make for it . 
Completely satisfied . 
Dickies jeans fit and wear better than any work jean I have ever tried , the fit is right and extremely comfortable . 
but I hope to loose some weight So they will fit better . 
But I like them 
Great buy - great fit . 
these pants are very well made and we expect them to last a long time . 
my boyfriend is between 42-44 since I got them online and from another review stating they were snug I went with the 44 ... but either because they are carpenter cut or whatever , he does need a belt ... love Dickies , they are just the best in a lot of ways ! 
I hope they have some pants with bigger side pockets . 
If you need more pockets , you should probably just invest in a tool box . 
I ordered for my father and he said that the jeans fit a little snug , but I say obviously not to bad he is still wearing them to work . 
My point maybe this brand runs a little small so when ordering order a size up . 
carpenter jeans with phone pocket built in for my phone in protective case . 
The double-thick front is really interesting , and you just feel the difference as you move around . 
I like it so far , and the long pockets by your right knee is pretty useful if you've got knives or tools and want them in reach but without tangling up with your keys . I feel as I've made a good investment with this pair of jeans . 
They seem very durable and sturdy , so they are very good work pants . 
These could be my favorite pair of jeans out of all the jeans I own . 
Dickies Mens LU200 Industrial Carpenter ... ; My 11yo boy is at that odd size were it is amazingly difficult to find anything with a good fit . 
One has expectations when buying 44 " x32 " work pants to actually work in . 
These do not meet those needs . 
The legs are too narrow , the crotch is too short and the crotch is too narrow . 
Ouch ! 
Otherwise not even close . 
he is tall and the 34 length was really a good fit and they don't shrink . 
they are made with heavy duty denim and they look good on . 
would recommend . 
good dickies work jeans.they fade kind of quick , but not a big deal . i've bought these a few times , and will buy em again . 
So far everything fits as expected . 
I has been sturdy and good quality . 
I ordered this for my husband . 
fit is as expected . 
One of the few pieces of clothing that my son will outgrow NOT wear out . 
Liked them .. Then I started buying from Amazon .. 
These jeans are just perfect for me .. 
I wear them everywhere .. 
I am retired and do not need work clothes any more , but I like the way these fit , etc . 
so I just keep wearing them .. 
I even take good care of them , by spraying them with starch and ironing them .. 
They are very comfy ! ! ! 
! 
They come small so I would order the next size up because they will srink a little when you wash them . 
I would recommend going for one that fits on the leg . 
Heavy I'd say for up to 45F if moving around.If your not familiar with Carhartt sizing , basically size down.If you normally wear a Large in t-shirts ( Fruit of the Loom ) , & most hoodies ; Order a Medium for this hoodie . I am 5 ' 10 185 midly muscular . 
MEDIUM fits tailor made.Will fit someone my height up to 200lbs.Buying more colors 
will be great for early spring and late fall yard cleanup . 
I was looking to replace an older zip front sweatshirt that I wear when I work . 
I'm waiting for it to pop u again to grab another one . 
I wear this under my winter coat and sometimes around the house when I don't want to crank the heat . 
The hood is a little on the large side but you can pull the draw strings of course to make it fit better like any other hoodie , but the size is a little larger.Like another reviewer I noticed that if it's zipped and I sit down the pockets bulge forward along with the mid section as well , but to me this isn't a big deal - it's not a dress shirt , it's a hoodie . 
I would say it runs a little bit large but again it's a hoodie and I'd rather it be large than snug . I purchased this as a lightning deal for significant savings under the normal price ( I paid $ 19.50 ) . 
If I see the price go down again like that I may consider purchasing another one sometime but not for $ 40 - $ 50 as seems to be the standard . - D 
A candidate for Governor here is wearing the heck out of Carhartt ... we call him Prince Von Carhartt . 
Except for that branding issue ... this is a nice heavy duty hoodie ! 
Too bad I only get to wear it once a year . 
I guess I could on those witchy days ... 
I usually wear a size 12 in tennis shoes or basketball shoes . 
However these run a bit big . 
I figured they would and is why I ordered an 11.5 , however I should have ordered an 11 . 
My son's feet are growing really fast . 
He was so excited to get these and to see that they were CAT boots was even more exciting . 
They fit as expected , room to grow into . 
Others have complained about the rubber band , but it is not any worse than any other rubber band I have had . 
Rubber band is not my first choice , but at this price point , I could not find as good a watch with a steel clasp . 
It has been very hard for me to get the perfect watch since an old wenger I had died . 
I had that watch for 14 years . 
The biggest negative I have is that this watch has a starburst affect when in bright light and the sculpture of the face causes distortion . 
If this watch HAD a screw down crown , metal band , day and date , and 200 m resistance , it would be 5 stars . 
There are other watches for a little more money I guess I will have to buy . 
event when baggy ;) .. LOVE THEM MY favorites pants are the green camouflage and black ones .. 
I will buy them again ... 
Needed BDU pants for an MA class and these were the only ones I could find with a zipper fly . 
( I hate the button ones . ) 
These are heavy for ground protection but are not ripstop . 
That wasn't specified in the description . 
I was told all BDUs are supposed to be ripstop . 
I find these hard to move in , bulky , heavy , and they run huge . 
These pants are a canvas-like material which is lightweight and doesn't chafe . 
The ARE considerably lighter weight fabric than issued versions but that's ok too - better for temperate climates . 
They aren't rip stop either ... just light fabric.They fit well and have all the buttons and pockets I am used to with a zipper fly . 
Can't even get my smallest foot in with the thinnest socks I own.Boots look nice , but , for some reason , I thought they were American made . 
For this much money , they should be.Very disappointed . 
I've never worn boots much , but entered the market when I started riding motorcycles last year . 
That being the case , I can't compare these to others ... however , I love them and will probably eventually get another pair in black.After several months of riding and limited walking in them , they look and feel like they're going to last a long time . 
If anything , they might be slightly roomy inside , and people with slim feet / socks may benefit from an added insole . 
So glad I bought this . 
Perfect size to fit books , pamphets , papers , etc . 
it did not . 
Fit was not as expected for the size and description and was lighter weight than expected . 
Returned . 
I got into buy Bali bras awhile ago and this on fit right and does not show goes good with a t-shirt too 
bali is normally known for comfort but this bra was not comfortable it felt rough on my skin I couldn't wait to pelt it off after I reached home . 
this loses one star for hurting my tender skin , I star for carrying the bali name but not bali comfort , I star for being pricey and 1 star for wasting my time and money without with recompense . 
I think amazon has to start letting these sellers pay for misleading , cuz that is just like stealing from people , you can guess how happy I am with this product right I was so mad it tool me a while to compose myself to write a review . 
Did't fit because I ordered the wrong size very pretty design just not the right cup size ... To much trouble for me to return so i kept 
It also does not have padding which is great . 
It is double lined so there is adequate coverage . 
I hope they never stop making this bra ! 
I enjoyed wearing my Capezio Women's DS - 11 Fierce Dance Sneaker in White last week for the first time since I purchased them . 
The support that the shoe gives is excellent and I felt confident dancing in them . 
I recommend Capezio Women's DS - 11 without hesitation . 
These were replacement shoes . 
I am forced to always wear black socks with them . 
These new ones fit just like the old . 
! 
I normally wear a size 8.5 bought in a 9 was wondering if i should have gotten and 9.5 because it doesn't seem like enough room at my toe area . 
Will see they are very comfortable except for that there is room but not alot I guess I should have gone to the Dance Studio store to purchase them in the first place 
I read some of the reviews on this shoe and decided to buy the size based on the largest shoe I fit and then go up a half size . 
Perfection ! 
In regular shoes / dress shoes I fit an 8-81 / 2 but in boots I am a 9 . 
I have high arches and this shoes seems to fit them perfectly.Besides books and appliances , this product has been my most favorite buy from Amazon ! By the way , the price is great ! ! 
In the store it's almost $ 20 more ! ! ! 
! Thank you Amazon and CaPEZIO ! 
! 
I was concerned with the sizing so I ordered a 14 ( I wear a mens 12 and have B width ) - They fit tightly but are OK - I would not want any smaller - because my feet are narrow I think makes a difference . 
If you have a wide foot I'd suggest getting a 2 1/2 size greater than you normally wear , I like how they lace up tight so that the shoe fits well and does not roll . 
I like the relatively hard soles - neat how both the heal and front sole slide easily . I Think they are attractive - have received many questions on them - they look great - while called ' women dance ' shoes my wife wound not get them even though they would be perfect for dancing ( nothing really works for her ) as they look too masculine ! 
For the price point I can't really complain you get what you pay for . 
I wasn't really planning on wearing it that often so it fits my needs . 
I even fit a bottle of water on mine . 
A good sized camera would even fit ! 
Cute ... but so dainty , you can hardly tell what they even are when you wear them . 
I mean , I should have realized this by the photo . 
They are clearly smaller than an earring backing , so this is clearly my fault for ordering them and then being disappointed . 
Well made and are holding up well . 
Satisfied and would buy again . 
A + 
I get so may compliments on these earrings . 
People really have to look to see what they are . 
A subtle way to rock a skull in any setting . 
They are the perfect earring for day to day . 
I really like these . 
They are very pretty . 
Woukd recommend to anyone looking for a little smaller knotted earing . 
These simple knots fit the bill ! 
Much better than the tiny 3mm balls I have been wearing . 
I've worn them 24/7 for the past week and I have had no issues . 
I orsered a total of four and I may get another pair for backup . 
they are comfortable and so have been sturdy enough for every day wear 
I ordered these for my husband . 
They fit perfectly , he likes the ankle support , he required no break-in period , he likes the zipper for easy removal . 
I did not order these so could not help you on this .. 
Just ordered an other pair . 
The high dollar pair are collecting dusk . 
It's good to know their there ... just don't need them right now . 
Bates is the only way to go in my book no matter which one you chose . 
Really 
these are nice ... much nicer than anything out in the world at a comparable price ... my boys like them not shrinking thanks 
Just hoping they hold up well since my other brands I normally ordered decided to shave some pennies off and therefore produced a sub-standard shirt that fell apart much faster than they should have . 
Hopeing Dickies doesnt do the same . 
If these things wear out faster than they should , I'll update my review . 
You really can't go wrong with this brand . 
They last a long time and are worth every penny . 
They were on time , nicely packaged and fit like a glove . 
Double knees for my hubby as he works as a mechanic.you cannot go wrong with this brand . 
I will buy from you again . 
Thank you . 
Very please with this T-shirt . 
It was not thin and flimsy as some T-shirts are ; it had a great neckline and the fit and length were great . 
My husband is tall and big around the middle . 
Will buy again . 
I looked into transition tights because my daughter has suddenly developed a major sensitivity to toe seams on socks and tights . 
She takes ballet / tap once a week and started complaining to her teacher that her tap shoes hurt . 
Turns out it was the tights seams . 
I read on a dance mom forum to try transition tights for a girl who hates seams because " the seam is a hole on the bottom " . 
Clearly it's not the case with this particular pair . 
The waist band is snug , the legs are snug , and there might be a 1/2 inch of room for height , but in my opinion these would not fit the average 6 year old . 
Exactly what I ordered ! 
I have freedom of movement with this type . 
Very durable . 
Have been buying these for over 6 years once I discovered them . 
This is great casual dress pant for a repair shop office.It fits a little tight all around where the denim version in the same sizing feels just right . 
The fit and quality of this item is good but I could not give it a high rating this time because there was at small hole in it near the back pocket 
I ordered these for my fiancee and he likes them very much . 
Everything is as described and seems true to size ; will buy more . 
a 30 ' inseam on other jeans has been fine but on this pant it was a ' high water ' day . 
I sent them back and ordered a pair in denim at 32 ' inseam . 
They are just right . 
You can fill the front pockets with change , a big bunch of keys , a pocker knife , and small flash light , and so much more . 
I had to get snow tires on my car and had to carry the tires from the shed . 
The pants looked fine as I went into school . 
Really , they're perfect for the person who works hard and needs clothes to perform well . 
The fabric is " stout " but it's not inflexible . 
They are of the right weight for durability , but they don't chafe you or feel too heavy . 
I am going to order a few more pairs since I like them so much . 
The right pant for the person who needs more from a pair of pants . 
The first pair were very comfortable ( as are these ) , but for some strange reason the bottom of the pant legs started to shred , after just a few months of wear . 
I took pictures , but can't post them evidently . 
I'll ammend my rating should this pair fair better . 
GOOD CHOICE . 
There is a bit of a break in period , but just a few wearings and washings should do it . 
its nice nedw and im like it its so grate looking and im happy with it som much thats whats imcan say 
This is a perfect fit and like the style and cuts , I have to import but don't mind that , that is why I buy from you guys , your services are excellent , couldn't praise you guys enough . 
I had hoped they would shrink a bit to take a lot of the loose out of them . 
I like the fabric , configuration a lot . 
They pull way up like the trousers of the 1940s / 50 ' s . 
Seems like half way up my chest . 
That could be re-engineered as well as the very roomy legs . 
I'm stocky but not that stocky . 
I liked them enough to buy 3 more in a size that fits better . 
Feels like it will wear a long time unlike some others that rip on a wall 
Very heavy and well made . 
Thank you . 
Services are excellent . 
So yea ! , I learn something here for holiday , no matter what you get or what you give everyone will say : I LOVE IT ! ! ! 
! In this case this person was my husband and have to say , he wears this pants every single day ! ! 
! , so , yes , he really likes them , oh wait ! , he is not a dirty person thar wears the same pair every day ! , got 7 pairs of them , now sounds better ha ! 
I bought these for my son for Christmas and held my breath because you never know what someone else would really like , but he loved these pants . 
My son's only complaint is that the colors are limited because he would like some in black . 
I have been buying Wrangler's - Men's Cargo Jeans but they were wearing out in a few months . 
These jeans are made from a far superior and more durable material but for only about $ 10 more . 
I wish they had the same velcro pockets and a cell phone pocket in each cargo pocket but other than that I am sure these will last for a couple years . 
Very Excellent . 
Usually my husband wears a 32 in length , but the 30 ' s were perfect so they run a little long . 
These pants are rugged ! 
The fit is great every place except right in the waist where its a tiny bit more snug than my Wrangler jeans . 
Well built overall . 
So , these pants came in . 
I ordered these ( Bark ) and they send me the right size , but in the Loden color . 
I give the pants a high 5 because they're exactly what I wanted . 
Sizing is good . 
Roomy . 
Big fan . 
Good stuff . 
I own many different brands of work wear and I won't say Riggs is absolutely awful I will tell you there is better out there . 
Dickies , Carhartt and Walls are all better then Riggs . 
Riggs pants tend to run smaller then the other brands so they're not gonna fit as well . 
Plus you can really feel a difference in the construction and material . 
I would recommend you spend the little extra for the better made garment . 
OK I ordered a 56 " x30 " to accommodate my Santa girth . 
The waist did fit as advertized but from there down these pants fit is ridiculous . 
The hip and leg room was sized for a much larger person , someone who didn't taper down from a 56 waist . 
I still fit comfortably in my old 48 waist jeans , except for the too-small waist . 
I was hoping the designers at Wrangler were cognizant of percentages and designed accordingly . 
I mean , out of 100 Santa-waisted guys you've ever seen how many have huge hips and thighs ? 
Maybe 5 ? 
Maybe they were designed for a huge ___ like the rest ? 
The material is really durable and the gusseted crotch gives your man parts a perfect amount of room without pinching . 
He loves them ! 
He has not had that problem with the Riggs brand . 
Its cute I have not worn the piece inside that comes with it yet just the robe , im not sure I will even keep the piece that came with it as I just wanted a cute silk robe 
These items were smaller than I expected and the quality of the material seemed flimsy too me . 
I returned these items . 
I gave three stars because I really liked how it fit but it was much shorter then expected . 
But good quality 
I like how I got what I was expecting . 
It didn't show the back so it was a little tricky but I still am satisfied and would order again and recommend it to others . 
I love the looks of it in your pictures and it was all of what you said it would be it and once on the material feels awesone 
Cute little nightie , but the other reviewers were right . 
The bra part of the nightie is odd-fitting . 
So , I guess it's a keeper ! 
Husband had a liver transplant and due to many meds he stays cold . 
Wrangler seems to have this product right . 
I still own Wrangler jackets that I bought 20 years ago . 
I purchased both this jacket by Wrangler and one made by Levi's on Amazon . 
The Levi's jacket cost nearly twice as much as the Wrangler jacket . 
After having worn both , I would pick Wrangler over Levi's and pocket the cost difference.Wrangler is made in Bangladesh while Levi's is made in China . 
While Wrangler was pre-washed with slight fade , Levi's was artificially distressed with unusual scratch marks around the collar . 
The denim material is slightly thicker and marginally better quality on Wrangler . 
Overall , both are well built and should last you a while.My chest size is 42 " , waist 36 " , and sleeve 32 " . 
I ordered both in XL . 
In general , Levi's fit tighter all around and will fit slimmer profile better . 
I have to roll the sleeve once to get proper sleeve length and upper arms fit tight . 
With a hoodie underneath , it's a tight fit . 
With Wranglers , the overall fit is more relaxed and comfortable and I can still wear a hoodie underneath no problem . 
If you are tall and lanky , Levi's might fit better . 
The sleeves are a little long and I wear 36-37 inch sleeves , but cuffs can be turned up if you like that look . 
Other than being teased from a friend about being stuck in the 80 ' s LOL . 
My old denim jacket was too worn , and I needed to replace it . 
Of all the companies that you would think would manufacture their products in the USA , it would have been Wrangler . 
I was shock when I saw the label that said " Made in Bangladesh " . 
You have got to be kidding me ! 
The quality and fit of the jacket was so so . 
Some of the holes didn't line up to the buttons , and some of the seams were not finished completly . 
Amazon and Wrangler need to put the country of manufacturing on the site when they sell a product . 
My bad . 
Lesson learned . 
I would recommend it to my friends . 
Definately worth the price . 
I have no hesitation in recommending it . 
I bought one of these shirts in a size larger than I normally wear thinking it would be loose and cool for working in the summer heat . 
It's a really good quality shirt but it's pretty huge on me . 
I'm ordering another in my regular size because I like it so much and I like a loose fit anyway.If you order it , be aware of the sizing . 
This shirt has performed as well as the more expensive Carhart and Dickies shirts I've bought my husband in the past . 
It stands up to heavy work and washes and dries well . 
My husband likes the way it fits and wears it all the time . 
My husband likes a heavy shirt and is happy with these . 
I had bought my husband a denim shirt years ago , and he used it as a light jacket until it was a rag ! 
lol ! 
I wanted to get one for him for Father's Day but couldn't locate one locally . 
Well made , fits perfect , can dress it up with some white slacks or tan or brown wranglers . 
One of my new favorite shirts . 
My new favorite shirt ! 
I've worn Henley's all my life and I'm constantly searching for new colors . 
These are very good shirts , but they do run just a tad large . 
I like my Henleys to fit more like a body shirt . 
And when I order a medium , they usually will . 
These don't . 
Other than that , I would have given this 5 stars . 
I've bought these for myself and my brother . 
I weigh 190 , stand 6 ' tall and the medium is loose on me , except in the arms . 
Very natural but not too " flat " looking . 
Helps give a little shape without changing the shape of your breasts . I really wanted to like this bra , but the wires really really poked me . 
I still would have kept it , but I sent it back because the wires hurt me . 
They changed the fit and sizing on it . 
The old model of this bra did not come up so high , in other words , it was as not as " full coverage . " I remember seeing reviews on places like HerRoom complaining about the small fit of this bra . 
Maybe now it works for more people , but not me . 
I'm happy it had removable straps , because I replaced with a clear strap for a shear dress I was wearing . 
My wife loves them . 
She says they feel great and told me to get her some more . 
I would recommend it to my friends and anyone who is wondering if they should make the purchase 
I'm 5 ' 6 " and 135 lbs . 
I like the brand barely there for undies and their wireless bras . 
Just very comfy . 
I don't care if the bf thinks they look like granny panties - they're comfy and good under things that you don't want seam lines to show through and they fit under the bely button , which is comfiest for me . 
The ring looked dull within one week of my husband wearing it . 
It is not tarnish free . 
Returned did not fit , so it seems unfair to rate this . 
So if it had fitted maybe I would have liked it . 
too large and did not fit well and sent back and got refunded and bought another one that was perfect 
I have never in my life found a bra that fit my breast like this one does . 
It has excellent support . 
I have very heavy big breast and it supports me better than any bra that I have ever worn . 
I have tried a number of different styles but the fit is as expected . 
Gone are the days I use to set aside a whole day just to go store by store to find a bra . 
I really like this bra . 
So much so that I bought another one recently . 
I used these and the bra was much too big , so am having to wear it using the last set of hooks . 
I really didnt like the fit of this product or the feel of the material.It is not something I would recommend . 
However , for a support bra , it lacks good support on the sides . 
I am returning it . 
I ordered a bigger size and I love it . 
I loved the bigger size and the bra so much I ordered more than one . 
I bought a front-closure bra previously and wanted to try this back closure which is great too . 
Supposedly I've been measured as a 38C but I cannot find a bra that covers everything that needs to be covered ; you know what I mean , ladies . 
So a 38D with Glamorise is perfect . 
I like that . 
Great support without any little areas that scratch or pinch . 
My husband bought a pair about 6 years ago that fit him perfectly ( he wears a size 11 shoe & the size 11 muck boot was right on target ) . 
However we bought a size 11 from another Amazon seller & it was way too tight , too short also . 
So we tried a size 12 from this company--it was way too big . 
Somehow we think the manufacturer either changed , or the sizing is not well regulated . 
We hope Muck Boots will eventually see the need to sell half sizes-we love the boot , just not the sizing problems . 
Never had a pair wear out . 
I purchased the recommended size , but the heel tends to slip out of the boot unless I wear thick socks . 
That appears to be working . 
The material is very nice and feels very high quality ! 
and at an awesome price ! 
! 
Only gave 4 star because of sizing ... but Levis are great . 
Ordered these for my son 6 ' 3 " athletic build ( they wear their clothes tight now ) and he normally wears a 31 " waist in regular pants but the 31 ' s were way too small - I reordered 34 " and he still has the slim fit jeans but now he has room to breath . 
are He loves them - but they very SLIM ... just order right size . 
I only wear men's levi's jeans . 
These are my favorite style and I will continue to buy them . 
These are not work jeans ; Don't buy them if you are looking for durable heavy duty jeans . 
They are also a slim fit jean , but not tight . 
I ordered the " Quartz " , which I would consider indigo with a faded look resulting in depth and texture to the color . 
My only complaint is that the pockets aren't deep enough . 
I have a brick type smart phone ( same size / shape as iphone ) that fits , but if I sit down it pushes into my hip uncomfortably . 
I would still buy them again . 
I pretty much wear one brand of jeans and style of jeans 527s , but I keep thinking they don't last as long as they use to ; looking at 3 generations of 527s I have found that they are much lighter denim now than they were a couple years ago for the same price . 
They are still comfortable and a great fit but they really aren't as heavy , so they wear out much more quickly . 
I bought these for my husband . 
He's fussy about how his jeans fit , so when he said he liked them , that was a really good thing . 
After buying boots on Amazon , I realized I would pants that go with them . 
The selection of colors could be better ( the Fume isn't quite black , but close enough ) , but if your wardrobe needs are ultra-specific then these are a great buy . 
Conditioned / sealed all leather and stitching with mink oil and they have stayed water tight even in the slush . 
Leather is pretty dry out of the box and clean at this point . 
So , condition your boots before going out in them . 
I spent HOURS reading reviews , balancing what I needed - what I'd be using them for , and the cost . I ultimately picked a different pair of boots because the cost of these were too much ; and then an hour after those shipped , these went on a sale I couldn't pass up . 
I wear 8 mens , 10 womens . 
I have wide / thick feet that are practically impossible to shop in store for , so I was very worried about if they would fit . 
They fit PERFECTLY.There is something about the foam in these that has the perfect amount of give . 
They fit with thin socks , no problem or wiggle room . 
Co-Workers made fun of me because they're big ( and I normally dress pretty girly at work ) , but I couldn't care . 
Wore them in this last blizzard when it was well below 0 degrees and I did feel a little cold in the toes but hey , it was exceptionally cold . 
If this doesn't happen the boots deserve the 5 star . 
If they split I'll be very disappointed to say the least .. 
I usually wear 10 but this 10 is too large even with heavy winter socks.It says , it is ok for - 40 F . It is cold even for - 10 . 
Cheap tool , negligently assembled and unfinished . 
Screw designed to keep the push pin in place barely had a slot cut in it . 
The floating , spring-loaded platform designed to help you line up the link with the pin doesn't glide up and down properly and has too strong of a spring attached to it , making it hard to get perfect alignment . 
There's a reason for that . 
I'm suspecting that's why the first one broke , since it's being forced to flex as it pushes . 
For the price , can't expect much . 
If you manage to adjust 3 watches before running out of pins , you've saved yourself about $ 40 
Buy a better one this is plastic and pot metal I broke it after 2 uses . 
This is very cheaply made and does not work for me . 
It doesn't fit the watches I work with and was a total waste of money . 
I don't know why there aren't quality products availabe . 
:-/ 
It is a good design . 
I got this watch tool to replace another one I had lost . 
I found this one to be lighter , but also not the easiest to change some bands that were a tight fit in the lugs . 
It was an ok tool to replace bands , but I worked to find a tool more similar to the one I had lost . 
When I would use it to change leather bands it's angled tool made it harder to use than one of the tools with a flat end all the way across . 
These were purchased for my son in Hawaii who has significant health issues including off and on swelling feet . 
He says these fit pretty good most of the time . 
This shoe has served me well and is easy to put on . 
I do endorse the product . 
No surprises here - - this classic design is still a hit ! 
The shoes fit perfectly with no gaps or rubbing places . 
If you're a Vans fan , these shoes are nothing new ; but in this case , that's a good thing ! 
my male hairdresser really wanted these when he saw me unbox them for my son . 
Van's was my first job when I was in high school , and slip on skate shoes were pretty much what I wore every day . 
These fit pretty much true to size , so if you wear a 9 , get a 9 . 
These shoes are SKATE shoes , so they are designed for " feel " of what's happening under your feet ... important for a skater . 
If you are planning to walk long distances in these shoes , like ten miles , you might want to consider something else because these shoes don't have lots of cushioning , as they are designed . 
Duh . 
No more messing with laces at the security checkpoint , I just slip these off walk through security and slip them back on . 
I will probably get more pairs for summer . 
The shoes are ok and have held up ! 
But I was sent the ones with laces . 
Disappointed but my son wanted to keep them . 
They did offered to send out the right ones . 
Still wished they would offer a discount since I save us both the trouble of exchange . 
This is a pretty good product overall . 
Unfortunately I have to wear this pretty much every day of the week to cover up tattoos while I'm at work . 
The only reason it didn't get five stars is because it stains really easily . 
But it fits great , its pretty durable , and it's a much better alternative than having to wear long sleeve shirts made out of cotton to cover up tattoos . 
I would absolutely buy another one if I needed to . 
My son wears these shirts for football and cold outdoor activities . 
He told me he likes the fit to the skin because it is not to tight on the arms . 
He doesn't like the muscle type shirts that fit the arm , but loves to wear these UA shirts ! 
Great fit ! 
Wish they had all colors 
I have these in several colors now and they have held up very well . 
I would definitely buy them again . 
Strange that they would use different patterns for essentially the same pants . 
in a six foot frame ) I am only awarding a rating of three stars . 
If the fit was comparable to their Dickies Men's Relaxed Fit Duck Carpenter Jean pants , I would have awarded five stars . 
THESE PAINTER PANTS ! ! ! 
HE PUTS A CREASE DOWN THE FRONT OF THE LEG ! ! ! 
PERFEECT IT ! ! 
! 
For the price this is not too bad . 
It is actually designed for workwear however I wear it when I go out and it looks fine . 
I gave them to so many people for Christmas . 
Everyone loves them . 
Thank You . 
I wear a size 9 shoe and order the slipper in an 8-9 and they fit perfectly . 2 ) Contoured back means my heel doesn't slip around 3 ) Very comfortable , plush fabric covering the entire slipper 4 ) Love the rubber sole . 
The thong part of the sandal was too short . 
Don't think I'll be wearing these since they are uncomfortable to wear . 
Don't know how much more to say about a pair of slippers . 
These babies are so soft and comfie it's hard to take them off ! ! ! 
Plenty of padding and will probably be ordering more ! ! 
! 
As far as slippers go , very comfy . 
I do wish they had a little built in arch support , but still a really cozy slipper . 
I like these slippers so far . 
! 
He wore it all the time , so I ended up buying him another one . 
They have served me well and I am very satisfied with the fit and durability over that time period . 
The only hiccup I have had was a month or so ago , I nicked my overalls and thermals while cutting firewood with a chainsaw . 
Iron-on patches took care of both and I will get at least another winter or more out of them ( leg was not touched ) . 
This past winter was rather severe and the only time that I had to put on another layer ( insulated Carhartt overalls ) while plowing snow with my ATV during single digit days . 
bought them to keep warm in winter , it's summer now , sortof - been a cold spring - thought it was going to be witner all summer - anyways , I had bought the heavyweight last year , and it crinckled and pilled pretty badly , not sure why hope this mid weight will not do so - we'll see I guess - 
Doesn't really shine but it already look good . 
Been wearing for almost 2yr now and still good . 
Insole gel initially feel funny but is actually very good . 
Gel hasn't split as mentioned by other reviewer . 
These are great shoes considering the price , and the fact that they are rubber soled ( vs leather ) . 
Usually this means that the shoe will become loose and sloppy , but not in this case.That being said ... I did buy half a size smaller to accommodate any stretch which was minimal . 
I will keep coming back and buying more of these shoes . 
These are very close to the Rockport brand shoes which were listed for 50 % more at the time of my order . 
Bought these for my boyfriend as a xmas present . 
He wore these the first day and of course they made his feet sore but they need to be broken in . 
Afterwards , he wears them everyday and has no problems with them at all . 
Hes on his feet 10 + hours a day and provide support . 
Dockers Men's Proposal Moc Run Off Toe Slip On , Black , 11 W US are shoes that do not hold up too long . 
I've been using this shoes for about a decade and they're really awesome . 
i like the feeling of the inner lining cause it's very comfortable.No need for break in and sore free . 
This is the perfect shoe . 
good material . 
comfy . 
like everything about this shoes . 
will also get black soon . 
go for it . 
I love Reef sandals , and these are no exception . 
They are really cute . 
I've been living in these since I got them . 
I'm usually a 10.5 to 11 . 
I ordered the 11 in these , and they fit perfectly . 
These seem to run small . 
Im an 8 and my foot is not wide at all . 
But these fit like a 7 to me . 
Pretty shoe's . 
Just run a bit to small . 
I'm an 8 1/2 medium , and the 8 usually fits fine after the straps stretch a bit , and the 9 feels great in the straps but has too much sole . 
I almost always opt for the 8 because I wear them to death and the canvas straps stretch nicely ( but not so much that they fall off or anything ) . 
This is my first time buying suede over canvas , so I'm hopeful they'll stretch out as well . 
I snub my nose at other brands and will until someone proves to me that theirs are better . 
:) 
These sandals have a tendency to pinch the sides of my feet ... They are nowhere near wide . 
I ordered them in two colors and was not disappointed ! 
soft and shipper than in their webside , perfect size and soft as I was expecting them to be , they are the best 
Got these for the wife . 
Fit is perfect . 
Check the chart shown . 
I usually wear 8.5- 9 , and the 9s were perfect . 
Tempted to get another pair ! 
These flip-flops are comfortable and casual , and definitely worth the low price . 
I wanted a flop that had a little cushion , didn't rub the top of my feet , and supported my arch . 
These sandals delivered ! 
I have found I like the magnets better . 
Velcro picks up lint and looks scruffy after awhile . 
Zippers can be annoying , sometimes jam and take longer to get at things . 
I also like the two divided pockets on the side instead of the one large pocket . 
It's easier to know where my stuff is rather than rummaging around in the larger pocket . 
This bag is exactly like another bag I've used for years except much less expensive and I like the change to magnets and two smaller pockets . 
It's perfect ! 
The inner compartments keep papers and my calendar in place so I can grab with no fumbling through lots of items . 
The outer compartments hold things I need frequently - iPhone , zipper case with ID-cash-credit cards , and keys . 
Just met a woman with the exact bag in same taupe on her shoulder ; she said it's her second one - first bag lasted years until zippers broke . 
Look forward to years using mine ! 
I bought these for my girlfriend since she started coming to bowling nights with me . 
The bottoms of these shoes are unparalleled to anything I have worn in my 8 year bowling career.The whole front of the bottom is a soft piece of cloth that makes sliding a breeze . 
Speaking of getting the bottoms wet you should use a damp cloth to get any of the liquid out then dry them with a hair dryer on low setting to get the moisture out . 
Apply some of the Slide Powder and you should be good to go.The bottom of the shoe heel is like a hard pencil eraser and helps you stop as you get closer to the foul line . 
They might be 34 bucks , but they pay for themselves after a few weeks ! 
The price is worth it ! 
I bought these because my son is into bowling and I am tired of renting . I did not try them at the house when I got them . 
I just brought them to the bowling alley , so I used them and didn't try to return them.So be warned I am a consistent size 8 , and these a tight , with thin socks ~ I wish I would have tried them on before having to use them . 
Even though I bowl only casually , I usually have a hard time with the shoes , and risk falling . 
That will no longer be a problem . 
My boyfriend and I went to Norway last December for vacation and decided to go snowmobiling at Camp Tamok.Since we're from Alabama , we are not used to snowmobiling , much less on snow covered with a layer of ice ! We were supposed to follow in the tracks of the people in front of us , but we accidentally gave them too much room and lost their tracks in the white snow . 
Cory hit a patch of ice , and our snowmobile drifted left , down the side of a mountain.He instinctively turned the snowmobile towards the right ( uphill ) like we would do on a four-wheeler.However , that is apparently not what you are supposed to do.The snowmobile flipped , and we fell off , sliding down the side of the mountain.My boots had no grip , and there was nothing for me to grasp on to , but I saw Cory stop easily above me . I yelled , " Cooooooooryyyyyyyyy ! " and he unlodged his foot , slid down to me , and grabbed me by the collar of my jacket , before using his boots ( yeah , the ones you're thinking about buying ) to stop us from sliding farther down.It was just like in some action movie , except my heart has never pounded so fast watching an action movie.The grip on these suckers may have saved my life.True story.Swear to God . 
I wear 9 1/2 shoes . 
Because of the reviews I decided to order the 9 ' s . 
I read reviews where people who wore medium width had to have the boots stretched . 
I thought since I wear a AA width they would work fine for me . 
I could hardly get my foot in the boot . 
They are VERY narrow . 
Since I have feet issues anyway I didn't want to pay the price for the boots , try to have them stretched and they still not fit properly so I decided to return them . 
Disappointing because I loved the looks of them and they looked well made . 
When I first got them , they were a little hard to pull on and were a bit tight and stiff , but after a few times wearing they are completely broken in and super comfortable . 
made well , leather stretches to fit your foot . 
cut with jeans . 
a little heavy , but good exercise for your calves , lol . 
Great for fashion wear or work wear . 
Have been my fashion since college . 
Would suggest for any age . 
Thank You ! 
Shaft is just the right diameter to go over skinny jeans or under boot cut jeans . 
I always get a lot of compliments when I wear them . 
Well worth the money ! 
Levi's changed the 569 into skinny jeans . 
Career suicide if you ask me . 
I will never go back , even when they get smart and change them back after this terrible skinny jeans fad is over . 
I returned the item for a slim fit , because this was baggy on the legs and rear . 
These are the only jeans I wear nowadays because they fit perfect for my legs . 
I only buy Levi's . 
I buy two styles . 
I know my sizes well - fortunately they have not changed in over 20 years . 
Unfortunately , Levi is incapable of delivering a consistent cut ( both waist and leg length ) . 
THis one is monstrous in the waste ( at least two inches too large ) and short in the leg ( at least one inch short ) . 
Frustrating 
My brother-in-law turned me on to this line of jeans . 
Since I know he wears and likes Dockers I suspected these would fit me the way I want as well . 
Part of my issue with fit is that I carry a lot of stuff in my pockets for work . 
With other jeans I'd have to hike them up and cinch them tightly so they wouldn't slide with the pocket load . 
i bought this pair to replace my old pair of 569 ' s that i have really seen better days . 
levi's are the only jean that i have worn that actually can last and make the high price worth the money . 
I'm not wearing my jeans so that i can just sit in my chair i work for a major hardware retailer and everyday I'm beating my jeans up . 
so quality to me is no . 1 . 
also the fit on the 569 loose straights are exactly as the sound their comfortable to wear all day long . 
The fit around my legs and calves are plenty roomy . 
So I purchased these thinking they were 559 and when I tried them on I knew they were different . 
They are ok ... a little stiff . 
The fit is slightly larger then the size would indicate , so you could probably go a size smaller if you're " in between " sizes . 
I have several pairs of these . 
If you read them , they're mostly old ( sorry , but it's true ) people complaining that the jeans aren't made the same as they were back in the 70s or 80s . 
Well sorry but neither are cars , phones or anything else . 
They're a ' dirty ' dark blue with a slight green tint almost but in a way that comes across as looking new far longer than most other jeans . 
I take care of my body and these fit me really well so I don't know why other people have been complaining about that . 
So if you're fit or average at least , you should have no problem , you'll rock these jeans 
I really like these jeans . 
I got them as replacements for the SilverTabs and like them even better . 
I bought several pairs of them . 
They are baggy but , not too baggy . 
I wear them every day . 
They definitely are making these as cheap as possible , save your money . 
Not what I would expect from Levis . 
We were worried about buying these because many reviewers said they no longer fit like they used to . 
Mama likey very much . 
:) 
I tried these for an alternative . 
No adhesive and they work well . 
I can see the faint outline of the circles through my bra ( or a thin T-shirt ) . 
Must be worn with bra ( no adhesive ) . 
They are not completely flat , but have a slight curve to better fit . 
The design allows them to mold to whatever shape your breast or bra cup is . 
They are slightly thicker than I expected , which is why the outline is visible through the bra , but the thickness hides the nipple well . I'm allergic to latex and have no problems with these disks . I have tried foam inserts but these disks hide the nipple much better . 
Have had no trouble reusing them following the directions exactly . 
Big enough to cover 
I ordered the 13 2E and they fit like a medium . 
I wish a quality wide boot could be found at this price point . 
Those needing a standard width boot would probably enjoy this one . 
Sadly , I'll be returning . 
Bought these for my 17 - year old son . 
They seem to be great and he loves them so far . 
My son asked for boots for Christmas so he picked these . 
One little draw back is if you just bump them on the tip they will get marred . 
After reading the reviews on these shoes , I bought a half size larger than I normally wear . 
I'm disabled and don't have any other choice of how to get them back to Amazon . 
I can't imagine why a manufacturer would produce a shoe and keep it on the market knowing it has a size issue . 
But I guess I should have known better than to wear them out on a rainy day . 
My wife discovered Sam Edelman a year ago and found them to be extremely comfortable . 
Not quite as comfy as I wanted them to be . 
Have tried these on in store and I think some of the colors just feel nicer than other due to materials . 
This pink leather is a bit stiff . 
The pink is PINK . 
Like NEON pink . 
Really comfy . 
I wear them into the ground ! 
I wear flats all day everyday and it is difficult to find a pair that remains comfortbale for 10 + hours . 
I wear them to run errands and to work . 
Fits snug but not tight . 
It is one of my favorite hats , and I wear it all the time ! 
The lace at the top has no give to them and they fall down often . 
Dont like these . 
they make your legs look really heavy , and I have very shapely legs . 
I would never purchase them again . 
very cute very nice very pretty recommend to buy it for the little one they love it love it yea 
I purchased these for my daughter for a St . Patty's day parade . 
But the part that I didn't like was how extremely thin they are . 
I could not pull these tights over my butt ! 
They are like super low rise tights ! 
Hated them ! 
Maybe these are for children . 
I can sometimes squeeze into a 12 so I took my chances with these tights . 
They're very tight and the crotch doesn't quite reach my crotch because my thighs are too big , as I expected . 
Hoisting them up all day gets a little annoying . 
I just wish I could find the same tights in plus size ... 
Purchased for an ice show . 
Good quality . 
Lasted well and looked super cute in Christmas number ! 
only thing not expected was plain at top of leg ( not pictured . 
Should have assumed as much but ... ) 
Be warned , these aren't much good for more than one time use . 
They stretch and rip really fast . 
Timeless Black / White Stripe leggings , perfect with Jeans skirts Mini's and leather shorts . 
Trendy and fun to wear ! 
Price is fair . 
I bought these to wear with a green tutu for St . Patty's Day . 
The texture was a little rough but no real complaints . 
My wife wears them and they fit . 
She has voiced no complaints with them . 
I am sure I will buy another colour when the time comes . 
YOu just have to be careful how you match these with your clothing ! 
No Snags , or Rips , and comfy . 
What more could you ask for ? 
This is a great lightweight sneaker that can be worn with a T-Shirt or a Dress Shirt . 
I loathe the way sneakers look today with neon green lightning bolts and ugly trimmings . 
These are a breath of fresh air for those not into the Air Jordan scene.Arch support is moderate ( I would have liked more ) but for the price these can't be beat . A running shoe ? 
IMO " NO " . 
When you run you need to spend a little more money on a shoe with shock absorbers . 
These would not the fit the bill . 
My husband wants shoes , I find classic ree's , he's happy , I'm happy , everyone's happy . 
It's classic Reebox so everyone I'm sure already knows whatever they need to know 
WOULD RECOMMEND THE REEBOK BRAND 
Bought these for my son and he loves them . 
I ordered these and the size I ordered fit as expected . 
I work at a nursing facility and am on my feet the entire day . 
They are durable and long lasting to . 
I will be purchasing again and would recommend this shoe to others . 
. 
These are more like counterfeit knock off in a Reebok box . 
The material was hard , stiff , man made and cheap man made . 
The price was comparable to market value but not quality . 
I bought a pair fory mom and me and they both went back . 
The star is for their customer service . 
The shoes get nothing . 
Have worn this shoe for years and always thought they looked very feminine for a tennis shoe ! ! 
Will continue to wear them as long as I can find them  .. 
These will never go out of style for me . 
They are comfortable and was not expensive . 
I've been ordering this style of Reebok for a long time . 
I wear them with practically everything casual . 
Fits well and I know I can count on the quality and wearability of this shoe . 
I am having trouble breaking them in because they fit tight across the front . 
I ordered a wide width but not a good shape overall for my feet . 
I had already worn them outside could not return . 
They were not a good fit for me . 
I ordered my usual size in this sneaker , and found that the toe box is a little snugger than I am accustomed to . 
But , after wearing them for several hours , they began to feel more comfortable . 
So glad I finally found these on Amazon . 
There is no breaking them in . 
I would recommend ordering a 1/2 size bigger . 
It is sturdy and has good arch support . 
I have been wearing these shoes for at least 10 years . 
They have good arch support . 
Occasionally there is a separation of the seam near the big toe . 
Another best buy . 
The Princess Sneaker was one of my all time favorite shoe by Reebok . 
In my opinion , something has changed about this shoe , the leather doesn't feel right . 
Something is off about it , the softness isn't there and the wide didn't feel like it normally would . 
I wonder if I got a rip-off version of this shoe ? 
Just speaking on my experience . 
And , what happened to the awesome arch support in these shoes ? 
I hAVE BEEN WEARING REBOK PROCESSES FOR YEARS ... THEY ARE MY FAVORITE SHOE ... THIS PAIR IS THE FIRST I ORDERED FROM AMAZON AND THEY ARE AS GOOD AS THE ONES I BOUGHT IN THE STORE ... THE SELLER DID GREAT TOO ... 
I usually wear a size 6.5 US but I got these in a size 7 . 
I am very disappointed with the size . 
This is the only one that turns out to be smaller than the rest . 
Beautiful color - fit right as expected ( to size ) and feels great.With any boat shoe , you have to break them in , I recommend doing so by either wearing socks and walking around the house , or making a pledge wear clean socks and doing so ( same size feet recommended as you don't want to stretch them out ) Once they were broken in , they're SO comfortable , and look amazing . 
Mozel tof ! 
This dressy style men's watch is perfect in every way except for fit . 
Returning it was a breeze . 
I'll look for another Casio product to replace this one , and would recommend this watch to anyone who doesn't have such a wide wrist . 
It has a simple structure and strong . A watch with basic options.The downside is the excessive packaging of the seller . 
I succeeded in changing the battery , but after working about 30 minutes trying to get the o-ring back in the groove and the cover on , I gave up . 
The o-ring was stretched a bit with age and you would need a new one too with a replacement battery to complete the full reassembly.The watch is cheap enough to throw it out out when the battery dies . 
A mi hijo le gusto mucho este reloj , quizas si es un poco mas grande sera mejor , pero no se puede negar que es muy coqueto y la correa es de muy buena calidad.My son really liked this watch , maybe if it's a little bigger would be better , but you can not deny that it is very cute and the strap is very good quality . 
I GOT THIS WATCH FOR MY FIANCE BUT IT WAS A BIT YOUNG ... HE GAVE IT TO HIS SON BUT HE DOESN'T WEAR OIT MUCH ... NOT A BAD WATCH AT ALL THOUGH ... MYBE FOR THE MORE SIMPLE EVERYDAY TEEANAGER . 
He loves this watch . 
Coal is corrosive and seems to find its way into everything . 
This watch has stood the test of time . 
It has remained water tight despite being hit and knocked on everything you can think of . 
Would recommend . 
There of course are much nicer g shocks on the market . 
But this one is simple and rugged . 
My only thing to improve would be the glowing hands and tick marks . 
They glow but not very long . 
No big deal . 
This watch is wonderful , I like and is shock resistant and water , except that the mark is the best in watches . 
Its a bulky watch though , if that's what you're looking for . 
One thing I don't like about it is setting the analog hands on the watch ( all the G-Shocks ) is a hassle . 
Or so my son tells me . 
lol 
Not as big as people make it sound . 
and it looks like a perfect size for me . 
I bought this for my son for Christmas . 
He saw it a major retail store and I found it on Amazon for much less ! ! 
! 
So even is a lil too expensive for my taste I would have to rate it good because I like it , and shows no sign of wear and tear 
Sorry for the pun but they feel like old school socks . 
So I tried them and wow do they feel great . 
I ordered them in black and am going to order another in the grey . 
I've had these for a year and have washed them 30 times at least and they still leave lint on my feet . 
They are thick and comfy though so I still wear them . 
so , I admit , I always buy 10 pairs of the same socks :-) in case I loose a single , I have 19 left :-) ... see me not all that useless :-) Now , I bought the first pair of these about 3 years ago ( the first 10 ) and they are still great , ok , I may have lost some ... ehhhh the sock monster may have stolen one or two pairs ... but they still keep up nicely.This time when I unpacked them I looked twice . 
Even this sock claim to be cotton they feel different , like ... not being cotton . 
So if you are like me and like your cotton socks and your feet dry and cosy ... move on . 
I will do so too.If I can answer any questions , please ask . 
I have tried the fruits and other brands and they just don't compare . 
These fit well wear well and hold there shape longer then any other I've had so far . 
Excellent socks that seem like they will last . 
I have a bone to pick with sock makers . 
Why is it okay to have a single size sock that " fits " size 5 through size 13 ? 
They didn't fit . 
These do . 
I recommend this product . 
These socks are a little thick but seem durable . 
Going to order more soon . 
I was looking for American made socks , and found these from Wigwam . 
I am tired of having to throw away my socks for the well known brands , all imported , many made in China . 
So I thought I would try socks made here in the states , and crossed my fingers that they would be better . 
Although I haven't had these socks long enough to say they have , I do know that they are comfortable and fit well , and seem sturdy enough . 
It would be nice if they at least mentioned how thick these socks are or some kind of weight . 
I ordered these to see if they could pass for dress socks . 
While nice and thick , it was a stretch and will wear them with jeans . 
These are my husband's favorite socks to wear to work with his workboots . 
Bought these for my husband to wear with his work boots . 
They are holding up a lot better than the ones he usually buys . 
These are great quality socks that last , don't fade , and prevent blisters . 
After ready reviews knew to order a bit bigger so these fit my husband perfectly . 
Since my husband loves to run around in socks these are lasting well . 
THESE ARE THE ONLY SOCKS I WEAR FOR WORK / CASUAL . 
No thin spots or holes in these socks . 
I wanted some quality socks and these are , but they feel rough , too rough . 
I LOVE the Wigwam Cool-Lite Mid socks ( see my review ) , but these are not something I'd recommend . 
My Husband loves them ! 
However , they are splitting and have not had a rough life . 
My son requested these ... says he can wear them all day long and his feet don't hurt . 
That says a lot since he broke the bones in the top of one of his foot not once , but twice and it still bothers him . 
Easy to care for . 
Really like these , but don't understand why I only got one pair of laces . 
No troubles with the sole peeling off the toe ever . 
I wear these 5 days a week 10-12 hr days and no issue . 
Starting to flatten some and will replace the insoles .. Just ordered 1 more pair that is similar with the same toe design . 
300lb with flat feet and I like them . 
This is the second Skechers I ordered , the first pair was black . 
These don't have very much padding . I have other Skecher shoes that are really alot better.Am disapointed in these will wear them around town , but are not good for working . 
This shoe looks nice but it is almost impossible to slide your foot in . 
They are sooooo tight that it hurts . 
I wear them once in a while for a very short time hoping that they stretch but so far that didn't happen . 
I'm not even sure if this is leather it looks and feels like plastic . 
Totally in love with this shoe ! 
Pros : they slip-on ; cons : none . 
Quick shipping and fit as expected . 
I seem to get lots of complements on them . 
And at the end of summer they become next year's garden shoes because of fit and comfort . 
Good shoe for everyday walking ! 
I like that you can slip these shoes on and off . 
They have a good supportive foot bed . 
But they are very stiff and even after owning and wearing this pair for at least two months , they remain stiff . 
I can wear these shoes for between 4 to 5 hours before they feel too constrictive and I take them off . 
I work a 12 - hour night shift in a busy ER . 
They are light and airy and fit snugly without pinching or squeezing . 
These are the only shoes that I buy for work . 
Already had a pair of these so I knew what to expect . 
And the fact that they slip on is a bonus ! 
This shoe did rather quickly in comparison to my other skechers I've purchased . 
I'm a big fan of Skechers Shape ups but wanted something to just slip on without having to tie and these have done the job . 
I ordered a half size larger than what I wear and they fit perfect ! 
I didn't send these back because I just wanted to wear them to walk around the neighborhood daily , so they were okay for that , but I'm not crazy about them . 
I just wish they made them in black too . 
Trying to find a comfortable shoe for someone with plantar fasciitis who works long hours on hard floors is difficult to say the least . 
I used to wear the premiums and like them , however , these are not as cushy . 
I am sending them back . 
Thought shoes would be a little wider , but fit ok for most part . 
I will say sneaker is very heavy . 
Feel like I have on heavy boots 
I like wearing Skechers shoes . 
I do think the quality is not what it used to be but this shoe feels pretty good on my feet . 
I bought these in size 8.5M.The worst thing about these sneakers is that the white leather upper is not as white as the laces or rubber midsole . 
A lot of white leather uppers are a little off-white , but these are worse than that . 
They have a slight grayish tinge to them that makes them slightly more off-colored than the K-Swiss white leather sneakers I ordered at the same time . 
The off-whitish-grayish leather color is really obvious so I'm definitely returning them.What also bothers me but might not necessarily bother you about these shoes is that the eyelets are farther apart than other sneakers , so that makes my foot appear wider and larger than they are , which I don't like.Also , a minor complaint is that the foot bed feels like I'm walking on a wedge . 
Other sneakers have the ball of my foot sitting a little lower.Another thing I was worried about with Sketchers is that they are notoriously HEAVY . 
each shoe , which is hella heavy . 
These weigh only 11.1 oz . 
Well made , good comfort , good fit and great arch support . 
I have no complaints and excited I was able to order on line . 
I have ordered and worn several pair of this style over the years . 
I have " flat feet " and these shoes accomodate my orthotics very well . 
The shoe has a lot of cushioning as you walk . 
You can't beat Skechers brand ! 
! 
The soul is very hard plastic . 
But they don't have arch support ( or not enough ) . 
Very hard will probably last a long time for garden work but I won't try to do a long walk in them . 
these shoes were a huge let down . 
the top of the shoes actually bruised the top of my feet . 
THE SHOE FIT JUST RIGHT . 
I AM GLAD I DID . 
IT IS PERFECT . 
THEY ARE RIGHT ON . 
I RECOMMEND THEM TO ANYONE . 
These are tough and made for those of us who like to play hard . 
I am on my feet all day and I appreciate these shoes at the end of the day when I get home and find that my feet are not sore and tired . 
I really love these and I am glad that I got them . 
I had ordered these for work . 
I usually wear a 7 1/2 sometimes an 8 . 
I bought these in an 8 and they feel snug around the toe . 
My co-worker happened to buy the same sneakers and she said she had the same problem with them . 
Otherwise they are a nice looking shoe and good arch support 
Purchased similar bra's in Europe because they were previously not available here . 
I usually go for padded push-up demi bras because I'm small , but this gives a lot of lift for a bra that has no lining or padding . 
I ordered my usual 34B but I easily could have gone with a 36 in this . 
Socks arrived as described by seller . 
The shoes fit as expected . 
My only complaint is they get scuffe up very easily . 
I had a similar pair of Skechers and they were more durable that the pair I just got . 
Everything started out OK with each , but about a week into wearing them the musty smell of the leather became overwhelming . 
I don't mean a new leather smell . 
I mean a bad , embarrassing , pungent smell that followed everywhere . 
My guess is something must have been wrong with the leather . 
But after two pairs of the same problem , I gave up . 
They are a great casual looking boot for everyday wear . 
Because of the thickness of the soles , they are a heavier shoe , but became unnoticeable after a few wears . 
After 6 months of wear , they still have a " hardly worn " look to them.My only minor criticism - the tongue is a bit shorter than I would like , it barely comes up past the shoelaces . 
They got to me really fast . 
Fit perfect . 
But I absolutely would order them again . 
I like these shoes . 
I was trying to wear high heels daily as I love how they look . 
After days of coming home with terribly sore feet I " gave in " . 
My only complaint is that I think the leather looks cheap . 
The stitching on the leather is really large and far apart making it look like the type of stitching on cheaper shoes . 
The leather does not look like leather to me either , as it has rubbery look . 
All in all I like these shoes though . 
If I can't wear heels , these are for sure just as hip but in a different way . 
I bought these shoes for my mom for Christmas and she really likes them . 
The replacements seemed like a different shoe altogether - they were tighter and smaller and had a seam that hit me wrong across the toe area . 
These fit great , and seem to be duplicates of the ones I wore so long . 
I wear them with socks , and think you would have to size down if you don't , but I love these.Some reviews went back a few years , so maybe I was just lucky to find older stock , but the shoes were absolutely new and unworn . 
this shoes were for my 11 year old Little one . 
she wanted them to take for schooll they are confortable 
they're not flattering at all , especially when the style now is more of a form-fitting flat shoe . 
these are just like big canoes . 
i'm not sure that i'll even really wear them much . 
ugh . 
I can wear them with black dress slacks , but not with a suit . 
I wish I could get away with wearing them to work with a pants suit , but they are still sneakers . 
I wouldn't say the shoes are too small , but Amazon gave me limited choices for how the product fits . 
Length and width were as expected . 
However ... 
I wanted to love these , but the part of the shoe that sits against my arch immediately rubbed as soon as I slipped the shoes on ( standing still ) . 
After taking a few steps and seeing this was not going to work , I took them off and looked for a seam , because the straps meet at this location , too . 
There is no bulkiness in the shoe . 
Sadly , the shape of my foot ( medium width , mild pronator , and lowish arch - but not flat-footed ) did not work with these very cute shoes . 
Buying shoes online is never easy because so many things can go wrong . 
I teach and am on my feet all day , so I was looking for a versatile , stylish shoe that didn't look like an orthopedic shoe . 
This shoe totally fit the bill ! There was a very short " breaking in " period , but that was just me walking the dog around the block a few times . 
I wear them all the time , and I get compliments regularly . 
the straps do come in handy to make you feel more secure with each step . 
fast shipping . 
thank you . 
I bought these to wear on a trip . 
I wore them around the house first , and they seemed to be fine , but while traveling it quickly became apparent that both my feet were pronating in these shoes to the point I could barely walk in them . 
I ordered 9 medium , which is my true size . 
I am returning them . 
I haven't worn briefs in a very , very long time . 
However , these have made me change my tune . 
Excellent buy . 
I GOT THESE FOR MY SON IN LAW . 
THESE BOAT SHOES ARE ACTUALLY FOR A GUY WHO GOES TO THE BEACH , THE BOAT , AND THE BEACH ALL THE TIME . 
ACTUALLY , ODD AS IT MAY SOUND , MY DAUGHTER AND MY SON IN LAW HAVE FEET APPROXIMATELY THE SAME SIZE , SO I LOOKED FOR A PAIR THAT COULD BE OK FOR A GUY OR A GAL . 
BOTH ARE WELL PLEASED AS THESE WILL DRESS UP OR DOWN ... AND BESIDES , MOM PAID FOR THEM.IT IS MY PLEASURE TO DO SO WHEN I CAN GET GREAT STUFF INEXPENSIVELY FROM AMAZON ! 
I HIGHLYN RECOMMEND THESE . 
They fit perfect and will go with just about anything . 
If you have wider feet be sure to order the wider size . 
These are my favorite shoes - wear them to and from the office and then slip on my heels - great for long walks ! 
I hope they never change the style / fit of these shoes ! 
I buy 2 pair at a time just in case ... 
This is a purchase that I am glad to have made . 
Comfy slippers . 
I'm happy with them and already wear them all the time . 
They arrived quickly and look just like the picture . 
I've had slippers similar to this brand before and I love them ! 
They are super cozy and I like the hard bottoms so I can wear them briefly outside and they stay relatively clean . 
Not bad . 
Reordered as really do like the style of slipper . 
They really look like they'll last a while . 
Extremely soft inside . 
I would definitely recommend them . 
I like the sole as they are not the black soles that tend to leave marks on the floor . 
I would recommend this shoe as this price . 
husband doesn't like but I do 
I really like these slippers . 
I wear them around the house and since they have the rubber soul I can wear them and walk out to pick up my mail . 
I got a half size less than I normally wear as I am a 10.5 and got a 10 . 
I read a few reviews prior to ordering and ordered a half size larger so the slippers fit well . 
Not a lot of cushion or support and they are quite stiff . 
Because of the interior material and snug fit , socks cannot be worn with these either . 
I used to buy my husband Acorn brand slippers ( the Romeo style ) . 
It wasn't a clog , but it usually turned into a clog by accident because my husband would slide his feet in and smash down the heel of the slipper . 
I went looking instead for a true clog , and was pleasantly surprised to find the Tamarac Scuffy slipper at a much better price , and the quality is every bit as good . 
This will be the slipper I order for him from now own . 
These are best when you have no socks on because the lining is so fuzzy - so my husband can't wear them around the house as knock-arounds - with socks . 
Maybe if I had gotten a size larger it would have worked , but then - as the lining gets squished down , they might have been to big . 
My husband loves these slippers . 
He wears them with and without socks . 
He says they fit good either way . 
They're just really narrow and a bit short , so even though he usually wears an 11 , we had to return the size 11 set for a size 13 . 
No hassle at all . 
Waiting for new ones to arrive . 
Excellent bedroom slipper . 
They are of sturdy construction and should last a long time . 
The bottoms are soft , but not cloth , so a little moisture on the floor won't get through to your feet . 
Fit me well and as other reviews said can be used as shoes around the property . 
My only problem is it does not breath well . 
I dont like wearing them more than an hour as the heat builds but that may be me and an over sensitivity . 
My husband wears a 10 1/2 or 11 . 
From a 1 to a 10 = 10 
I wear a 8 1/2 shoe and bought the 9 , which fit snugly . 
I can go outside and get the paper at 30 degrees , no socks needed.Seems like tough soles , ready for anything . 
Also the looks leave something to be desired . 
They are clearly your grampa's slippers--not cute , stylish or anything else.These cons are not a big issue for me hence the good rating . 
I love that they have an outdoor sole . 
! 
I liked the fit and style of these shoes ! 
Only one complaint , the shoe string , that ties in the center , keeps coming a loose , other than that a good quality shoe ! 
! 
I had to make him choose , either he can wear them outside OR he can wear them in bed , but not both ! ! 
He sleeps in them . 
As soon as he comes in from work he puts them in ! 
! 
I ordered 2 other pairs of slippers with pile linings and had to return both of them . 
He loves them and the fit was perfect he says . 
The most productive time is before the little ones are up and annoying - - I mean about . 
I was never a " slipper guy " before ( I don't even know what it would take to be a " slipper guy " - - would I need a pipe ? 
Would I have to live in Pleasantville ? ) 
but these make me feel like the man of the house ( even though nobody's fetching them for me ) . 
Quality looked good . 
As someone who wears slippers around the house , I really like this pair ! 
I bought one size too big as I do not like tight-fitting slippers as I also wear socks . 
These look much uglier in person than in the photo .. Even after deciding that I would put up with the looks , I quickly noticed that the entire stitching along the outside of one of the shoes was missing , and the sole was not attached to the upper.Poor build quality , and very clunky to wear . 
! 
When I first bought these slippers for my husband , they looked and felt great . 
My husband wore these around the house for just over a month and they are literally coming apart at the seams . 
What a waste of money ! 
For the price I paid it should last a lot longer . 
He's one of those dads who doesn't like getting gifts and is impossible to shop for . 
Well he LOVED these slippers and every single time I've been to his house since Christmas he has had these on . 
If you spend as much time in the house ad I do , these will become one of your favorite purchases . 
I normally wear a size 15 in ' normal shoes ' , but these seem a bit large . 
Maybe get one size smaller . 
Like 1/2 of the reviewers , I bought these for my SO for xmas . 
He is a fairly honest person and said these slippers are pretty good as far as slippers go , but he still like his old pair better . 
He doesn't like the stiffness of the sole either . 
A little more flexibility so they are more like a slipper than a shoe would have made them better . 
He did keep them though and he does wear them . 
We received these wonderful slippers and quickly discovered them to be of inadequate support once his inserts were added . 
That being said , there was nothing wrong with them quality wise , but we had to return them as they simply were not what we needed . 
He has been hard on slippers in the past . 
He is going have years of a lot of usewith these . 
It was a good buy for the money ! ! 
! 
This is a great slipper , just what we wanted but the size was too large so I ordered a size down . 
I like these slippers because I can wear them to go out in the morning to get the newspaper . 
Having to change shoes just for a quick outside trip is unnecessary . 
Even those these are slippers for men , I bought them for myself . 
( I just ordered two sizes smaller in shoe size than I wear in a woman's size . ) 
I find they're well made and worth the price . 
Thanks . 
I was looking for a fun toy for the kids to play with in an interactive way . 
This is perfect ! 
It has many toys inside , so you don't have to buy much else , and the chest is very durable . 
Some other pirate chests I looked at were flimsy or crazy expensive . 
Our 4 1/2 year old grandson was thrilled when he found this buried treasure on our beach trip.The chest was buried in the sand with the skull and cross bones placed on top . 
He was so excited digging this up ! The chest is well built and includes eye patch and sack of coins . 
I guess I'm not sure how much one can do with a treasure chest and a bunch of plastic money . 
The pants shipped are not what is shown online . 
The pants I wanted had a button front and the ones shipped have a clasp and button tab 
Surprised how long these are for the 32 x 30 ' s . 
I'm sure the cut is part of the issue . 
Usually I wear a 32 x 32 but those were like clown pants . 
I'd say the waist is true to size but the length is something you may want to consider sizing down a bit . 
I will be getting more pairs . 
A really nice Xmas stocking stuffer . 
She loves the fit and the feel and says they last well . 
Fit was way too tight , pinched and itched , and then broke into holes and ran before end of day . 
What a waste of $ 8.00 . 
I will not purchase this again . 
The size I ordered should have fit fine ( Queen ) . 
But they do look pretty and sexy when on ( I ordered sheer black ) . 
I would recommend these and will probably get another pair for my regular wear . 
I am going to try a sole insert and thick socks . 
For the price the quality was lower than expected , the leather upper almost like plastic , . 
Got this for me and my gf to put our soccer stuff in and now when we get to games the entire team puts their keys , wallets , phones , etc in my bag and they joke that it is the team bag . 
and then inside shin guards , uniforms and anything else you may or may not need for the game . 
My Father has worn these for a few years . 
They aren't abused I guess , and , I just thought maybe they needed to be freshened up . 
The laundry picks up the interior a lot . 
Durable and the soles don't wear down . 
Snug though , I might have gone up a size for him , but , those in the know said that sometimes tighter is good for people who have had a stroke , etc . 
Where are my slippers ? 
Right here Dad , let me put them on for you ! 
He puts them on himself too . 
THEY RUN A LITTLE SMALL . 
I WEAR A 10 1/2 USUALLY SO I GOT AN 11 . 
THAT BEING SAID , WHEN THE SHEARLING PILE INSIDE THE SLIPPER COMPRESSES A BIT , THE SLIPPER WILL ENLARGE A FULL SIZE , SO AN 11 FITS LIKE A TRUE 11 . 
IF YOU PLAN TO WEAR THEM WITH SOCKS , I WOULD GET A SIZE LARGER THAN YOU NORMALLY WEAR . 
Because if the sheep fleece lining you may consider going up a size when ordering . 
Beware - Fake Fur - As many reviewers wrote they run small . 
I almost returned them because the fur is fake . 
I was really looking forward to the sheepskin so i was disappointed but i gave them a try and like them and kept them . 
I didn't know UGG made fake fur so if that's the only reason you are getting them look elsewhere . 
UGG Ascot slippers are really great looking leather Venetian style driving loafers with a full , thick shearling lining . 
I typically wear an 11 1/2 or 12 , so went with a 12 . 
They are a little cramped at the toe end , due to the wool lining , but I think 13 would be too big . 
It was a good fitting bra - as bras go . 
I have a style that I have worn for years and it is hard for me to change ! 
You just can't beat a Time ! 
It's very nice looking . 
I needed a watch for work and this fit the bill just fine just a plain watch no frills here 
This is a nice women's semi-dress watch for the price , but I returned it because the leather band was too stiff and didn't seem to soften with wear . 
I bought this watch to wear for international travel so I could leave more expensive jewelry home . 
I gave it 4 stars rather than 5 because of the small date and long wristband . 
Lots of people could care less what time it is , but some movies drag on interminably and you are wondering just when you will be set free . 
If you are the kind of person who likes to know the time without dragging out your cell phone and annoying people - this is a great watch . 
This watch certainly fits the bill . 
The shoes fit as expected . 
So wear em around the house or something .. 
The steel toe protect you toes they are not too heavy or too light weight . 
I have bad eyesight and this watch is just the right size for me to be able to see the time and it looks so pretty on my wrist . 
I have to wear it very close to my hand for it to fit without squishing my arm . I had thought it might be a bit too small to see ( 70 yr old eyes ) but it's just fine . 
I already have Timex watch before . 
Some how I need a new one . 
The expandable band makes it look much better . 
It goes with everything , and the flex band fits perfect . 
I have a lot of watches , but this is the one I go to the most . 
This is my every-day watch . 
It was so reasonably priced that I don't need to be so careful about it . 
I wear it with good gold , and you really can't tell the difference . 
I like that it has a little bit of silver on it , too , so I can wear it with silver or gold . 
Also , the description stated that it was for a smaller wrist but we had to end up taking out some links because the watch would turn around and hang under her wrist . 
Overall , okay ! 
One size fits all . 
it's like child size . 
Great buy ! 
If someone wants to rob me of my goodies then they can have my - $ 30 watch . 
nice simplistic watch that keeps good time . 
I call this the Retro Watch because it lights up in the dark when you push in on the wind up piece on the right side . 
It glows and you can read the time in the dark . 
:) Leather band is long which was an added plus . 
Poor craftsmanship . 
So disappointed . 
Once I thought was a fluke , twice ? 
Got this watch to wear for semi-formal occasions but also donned it on casual situations . 
This is exactly the kind of watch I was looking for . 
Every day or so I'd have to correct the date . 
Another of the Timex watches I purchased hour hand moves slightly to slow , after a few months when the minute hand was on 12 , the hour hand would be mid-way between two hours . 
The third Times simply broke , one of the band pins popped for no apparent reason and the watch fell to the ground , the back popped off and I couldn't find it ... 
I would definitely buy this again . 
Bought it for my 92 year old grandfather who is blind in one eye .. 
This is a very simple quartz watch , I like its compact design , low profile and atmosphere , hope not too short service life of it . 
Not much support . 
Could have given more support 
I believe they would work well for someone who had smaller breast . 
Now , if you are looking for a fancier bra then this would not be the bra for you . 
But , if you want a bra that is an " every day bra " , then this would be a good bra ! 
fit very well and it was a good sell and would buy from again and thanks for sale and the way you got it to me 
It really is magic lift ! 
Hard to find support and comfort in the same bra , but this one has it . 
Uhhhh ... Hmmm .. 
Okay so let's just say , expect torpedoes . 
The support is average . 
Will not buy again . 
Try something else . 
I misread the description when I purchased this bra because I was looking for a sports bra not a support bra . 
However , it turned out to be great for either use . 
I've mostly been using it to workout and keep me firmly held in place . 
After doing laundry one day I decided to try it out just as an everyday bra under my regular clothes . 
Because I'm top heavy I have always worn underwire bras to give me the lift and support I need , so I was pleasantly surprised how well it looked under my non-active wear . 
I have such great support from this bra that I will have to buy another one to dedicate as an everyday bra since I no longer want to wear my underwire bras . 
It has become harder and harder to find bras that fit even in stores where I used to buy them . 
They are very pretty and stylish but most of all they fit and fit well.They also support well too which is a big plus for plus size women . 
It fits as I want i like it is perfect , it lift up it keeps everything in place I can also exercise with it 
it arrived smell so bad , like it immersed in some chemical , it took a few washes to remove the smell . 
The smell is the only reason for the 4 star instead of 5 . 
the picture looks like it would be sexy but it is not ... the cup part fit well but the rest is just way too big 
Ended up sending back ... just didn't like them the way we thought we did . 
They shipped on time , not a thing wrong with them . 
Will keep looking for another style 
These shoes run a bit small so I was dissappointed . 
Buy a bit bigger size for yourself . 
i will leave the original 5 star review below but changed it above to a 1 star because not only did the shoe come with some slight peeling of the top layer of leather , which i originally overlooked , but after 3 wears the pull strap in the back tore off on the right shoe as if it were cardboard ... despite all the raves below , that kind of bad quality nixes getting this shoe ... i will now use the shoe collar to pull them on and walk around with the strap in the back attached on only one side , and hanging down , looking stupid . 
real question for skechers overseas made quality.love these . 
tried them on at a local store and fell in love with the look worn with straight jeans . 
but these look better than the timberlands ( which is saying a lot as the timbers don't look so bad ) and are generally a nice comfortable shoe . 
until getting these my main shoe was dingo 12 " high cowboy boots with bootcut jeans , great but hard to do much walking in , so these are perfect . 
if you want a rugged jean style boot that you can actually walk a bit in , at a good price , i'd get these . 
plenty of people seem fine with these that's why i gave them four stars . 
and i want them out of my " yet to review " list on amazon . 
lol.not sure why i bought thought it would be cool but nubs really hurt they ended up in a free pile . 
not worth trying to send back or re sell . 
guess i made somebody else in the apartment complex happy though lol ... 
I bought these for my grandson . 
He would recommend them to anyone . 
I had never heard of these shoes . 
I just happened to run by them while browsing for shoes here on amazon . 
the ratings were great and is a super cute shoe so we gave it a shot ! 
needless to say , these will be a continued purchase at our house . 
I came back and bought my husband a pair too . 
my dad used to play volleyball in mexico and his whole life from what i can remember he would always mention his tiger shoes and his tiger shoes from volleyball and we could never ever find them in the stores again because those shoes are authentic and when he saw them here he was so happy he told me he didnt care how much they cost to just get them for him ! 
He uses them all the time , they seem conformable and look better than most teenager shoes . 
i like this series , it ' s feel very comfortable wearing . 
i am very happy and it ' s low price . 
thank you 
They are so cute , and the fit is perfect . 
too bad . 
The fit was pretty good for my 8 narrow foot . 
I got a great deal on Amazon , but in the end I decided they looked too clunky . 
So , reluctantly , they went back . 
Like a moon bounce compared to others . 
I regret not buying these earlier . 
They go with khakis , jeans , shorts , anything . 
These are nice and casual but I warn they ran . 5 big for me ! 
next time I'm getting 10.5 . 
So be carful ! 
The middle part is kind of slouchy and the calf part is very tight . 
Anyone who walks a lot so has legs with some shape might find these boots tight in the calf . 
There is a little elastic thing on the top that stretches , but they feel tight . 
They do not go up to the knee though . 
On me they are a few inches short of the knee . 
This one has tons of features , but , I like the stop watch and the multiple time zones . 
will not dissapoint and is at a reasonable price point . 
My son ( 9 ) loves this . 
CUTE FOR KIDS AND GROWN UPS TOO . 
EASY ON AND OFF , BUT DIALS ARE HARD TO USE AND SO SETTING IT ETC . 
For the money , Timex is hard to beat for the features provided . 
Timex's " Indiglo " dial lighting is hands-down the best in the watch industry . 
This is a sturdy , basic feature watch that will last for years if properly cared for ... Several " common-sense " things to consider - water resistant is not water proof . 
Don't get this watch wet , don't shower with it , don't swim with it , don't submerge it PERIOD . 
It will fail . 
If you have a very big or very small wrist , don't buy this watch - the expansion band isn't adjustable and will have to be replaced if you don't have an average size wrist.This will be my travel watch because it is easy to read in the dark and if it is lost of broken I am out less than 30 dollars . 
My whole life I have had to have links removed , this one I had to add . 
I bought this to replace a very similar watch I wore for years , but after that one broke I stopped wearing watches altogether since I could just look at my cell phone for the time . 
It turns out I almost never carry my cellphone , so I often don't know the time . 
This changes that problem . I think I have an average size wrist , but it is a little tight . 
It took a while to getting used to wearing a watch after not wearing one for several years . 
I know what time and day and date it is with just a glance . 
The design is clean and good looking so that it can be an everyday wear watch , with all the outfits you have.One struggle is in setting the day and date . 
There are three positions for the little knob , and when you're pulling it out , it is so easy to bypass the middle position you need to set the day and date . 
I figured it out , but I initially had to hand it to my wife to figure it out , so bad was my frustration . 
My husband loves this watch . 
So my husband bought this watch in a real store and payed almost twice as much for it . 
Its flaw is after a year or two the band breaks . 
The this web-like design did not hold up well . 
That being said ... we bought another . 
He never takes it off , so it seemed fair that being in all conditions , wet / dry , hot / cold all the time , it would give out.As for functions ... I have no clue , he used it to track ( running ) lap times . 
Works like a charm ... 
by Marjorie's husband . 
I live in the bush and can totally lose track of the days otherwise . 
I can't stand having anything on my wrist so this lives in my pocket . 
I think this the 3rd of this type Timex I've had . 
I am very hard on these even in my pocket . 
I like it . 
Timex has velcro straps and elastic straps ... please consider looking at the elastic straps instead . 
Thank you kindly ! 
   
Great buy ! 
This is a really nice inexpensive watch . 
This may be the lowest price Timex and reminds me of my first watch 50 + years ago . 
I may be an old timer so this watch works for me . 
I always have a smart phone with the time yet I like to wear a watch , analog only . 
I have many watches , all more expensive , most days this is the one I wear . I like the white face , time , day and date are indeed ' Easy Reader ' . 
Says it has a 10 year battery life . 
It's actually well made and quite accurate ... set it to my phone and they both display the same time - my more expensive watches don't . 
And of course , you guessed it ! 
I'm an RN . 
I needed something with a sweep hand and that was water resistant . 
I also wanted something inexpensive so if it ever did become blood soaked , contaminated or just broken on the job it could be easily replaced . 
Exactly what I needed . 
Don't even know I'm wearing it . 
Can't go wrong . 
The dial's flat so it does't catch on thiings , keeps great time , waterproof , and the price is right . 
If you need a work watch do yourself a favor and buy 2 because it always happens that if you really like something and it works when you go back it's gone . 
Only one thing worries me . 
As you can guess , I haven't really used the watch yet but am hopeful that it runs as well as every other Timex I have owned . 
I really like this rosary . 
That makes it so much a part of history . 
Classic looks , manly , but not hulking . 
An excellent value . 
They glow in the dark for between about four and five hours , in my experience , after coming in out of the sun.This is not a pretentious or ostentatious watch in any way , and it's not a ' big ' watch by current standards . 
It comes on a simple and sturdy rubber diver's band . 
Personally I wear mine on a nylon strap , or on a stainless ' mesh ' style strap that I personally find more comfortable than the factory band . 
But if you like a black rubber band , this one is attractive , durable , and it does the job . 
I don't care for those personally . 
I've taken mine to 120 feet with no problem . 
I trust this watch completely . 
I found mine online shipped for around $ 180 , and I continue to see them at around that price today . 
It definitely pays to shop around.You may or may not ever decide to ' trade up ' to a more expensive dive watch , but I wouldn't be surprised if you decide to keep your original Seiko and continue to wear it . 
This watch really grows on you.Lots of great info and user threads on this watch on the various online watch forums . 
Google them and see . 
There's a whole subculture / cottage industry of DIY modifications with this watch as well.Important tip : When you are comparison shopping , make sure you are getting a genuine Seiko from a genuine Seiko dealer , not what is called a ' grey market ' Seiko sold ( or re-sold ) by unauthorized third parties . 
Those ' grey market ' watches may be OK , or they may be seconds , refurbished ( without Seiko's involvement ) , counterfeits , or who knows what . 
Either way , they probably won't come with any warranty that Seiko will recognize . 
If you buy your Seiko around the price I suggest , you can usually resell it for a good price . 
This watch exceeded my expectations . 
I got it for my dad for a father's day gift and he fell in love with it almost immediately . 
This watch looks like it could easily be $ 700 + . 
I recommend this watch if you're thinking about purchasing it . 
The watch is a classic . 
No issues with the watch . 
They placed an adhesive band around the bracelet , which stated that if you took the band off you can't return the watch . 
How do you evaluate a watch to make sure it works and functions if you can't but it on your wrist ? 
The only way to test the bracelet is to break the band.This was a draconian tactic . 
I understand that the seller doesn't want returns for no reason , but I've never seen something this restrictive . 
It was offensive , and tells me that service from this seller probably matches their attitude about returns if a problem does arise . 
Buy the watch ; beware this seller . 
The product shouldn't suffer due to my opinion about the seller . 
Get this watch , it has every thing you need . 
I'm glad I went jubilee over the generic rubber band . 
I'll end up getting a super oyster soon but the braclet now is more than fine . 
Time keeping is very accurate thus far at - 6 seconds per day and I'd rather it be slightly slow for a non hacking as it's better to move a minute hand forward then backwards . 
Could you spend more on a watch ? 
If asked if I'd recommend , 100 % I would . 
Watch was purchased from e watch . 
Did some research and looks like my watch was made last year . 
They glow in the dark for between about four and five hours , in my experience , after coming in out of the sun.This is not a pretentious or ostentatious watch in any way , and it's not a ' big ' watch by current standards . 
It comes on a simple stainless band . 
Personally I wear mine on a nylon strap , or on a stainless ' mesh ' style strap that I personally find more comfortable than the factory band . 
But if you like a metal band , this one is attractive , durable , not overly heavy , and it does the job.These are famously durable . 
I've taken mine to 120 feet with no problem . 
I trust this watch completely . 
I found mine online shipped for around $ 180 , and I continue to see them at around that price today . 
It definitely pays to shop around.You may or may not ever decide to ' trade up ' to a more expensive dive watch , but I wouldn't be surprised if you decide to keep your original Seiko and continue to wear it . 
This watch really grows on you.Lots of great info and user threads on this watch on the various online watch forums . 
Google them and see . 
There's a whole subculture / cottage industry of DIY modifications with this watch as well.If you don't want / like a stainless band , this exact watch is also offered with a rubber diver's band instead , and you also save a few bucks over the stainless band version.Important tip : When you are comparison shopping , make sure you are getting a genuine Seiko from a genuine Seiko dealer , not what is called a ' grey market ' Seiko sold ( or re-sold ) by unauthorized third parties . 
Those ' grey market ' watches may be OK , or they may be seconds , refurbished ( without Seiko's involvement ) , counterfeits , or who knows what . 
Either way , they probably won't come with any warranty that Seiko will recognize . 
If you buy your Seiko around the price I suggest , you can usually resell it for a good price . 
Pretty thick and good quality ! 
I would buy again . 
Might purchase more in the future . 
Very feminine . 
I have worn it at least a dozen times in the month or so I've had it , and have had zero issues through my one year old god son playing with it , or my various daily activities.It is a beautiful , long , delicate chain that goes with anything and holds up well to the requirements of daily life . 
Can go casual or dressythe perfect length for me . 
Do not recall if I bought this for myself or for my daughter . 
I can wear cheap jewelry without problem , but my daughter is allergic to many silvers or white golds due to the nickel . 
I purchased this chain to match with a silver locket I had ... and it works great ! 
The chain is delicate looking but has proven to be very resilient . 
this is a very fine necklace that's almost like wearing nothing but it is a nice accessory with other jewelry 
I read reviews on this and I don't know how anyone could be unhappy . 
It was so fast and it looked really pretty in the picture , but when I opened the box my mouth dropped at out beautiful and shiny the chain was I was very happy with my purchase no complaints at all , and for the price the chain doesn't look cheap it looks very expensive ! 
I hope this is a helpful review for others trying to decide on getting this sterling silver chain or not . 
U Won y Regret Buying this Silver Chain ! 
Buy It You ll Like It ! 
! 
Enough said . 
:) 
Perfect for delicate pendants . 
Bought it to protect myself from the harsh desert elements in my locale when I'm out at the range . 
It was inexpensive and it works . 
Bought this for my daughter to wear under her ski / snowboard helmet . 
I feel that I have a very " average-sized " head , but this " one size fits most " balaclava is TIGHT . 
:[ It'd be the perfect size it if was larger across the " nose " section . 
It fits snugly around my head , neck , and ears  which is what I want because I wear it under a bicycle helmet , and I want it to be aerodynamic . 
However , it's SUPER tight around my big ol schnoz ! 
It actually bends my nose because it's so tight ! Other than the size , everything is " okay . " It'd a very lightweight material , so I wouldn't mind it being a tad thicker / warmer . 
Despite the lightness of the material , is seem very strong and durable . 
I have barely used these yet , so I can't speak to their effectiveness - I'm giving them 4 stars just because that seems to fit others . 
So unless you're looking for plain white I'm not sure why these are " hard to find in retail stores " as the description states ... they aren't - they're right next to the toddler underwear ... for 1/2 the price than what these are . 
It was almost a full size too big and the overall fit just wasn't one of those shoes that you know you're gonna love from the moment you put it on . 
Light weight too ! 
I have a pair of the mid height boots in the Targhee style and I love them , I'm going to do a lot of walking and wanted the low cut version for the warmer weather . 
Great tread and great support . 
Well , mine do too , more so then my boots which is strange . 
I've purchased many in my life . 
The only issue I have is the elastic around the top and bottom " bite " a little . 
I solved the issue with an extension . 
Next one , I will order a size larger . 
I am a small woman with large breast , this thing makes me look like a football player all over padded I order a 36 DD they send it but there is so much padding I look like there even bigger ~ now really at my size do I need padding ? 
NOif it was not such a big thing I would send it back , just as it is I will never order this or anything from these peoplethese people will not take it back since I washed it , I washed it since I am allergic to chemicals and would break out if this thing touched my bodyso FYI TRY IT ON OR BETTER YET DO NOT BUY IT ALL TOGETHER 
The cups of this thing were so crushed that I can't seem to get them back into their proper shape . 
Tight , but the cups were just a tad large , and I wear a 42DDD in every brand I buy . 
I apparently missed the part of the description that said this was a push up bra ... wish it was described as such in its title . 
I was thrilled to find my size in this bra at a decent price , and if I was not allergic to latex it would be a great bra . 
Unfortunately , I am allergic to latex and this bra gave me blisters in my underarms after having it on for a couple of hours . 
I wish it had silicone but no , latex . 
I normally would not like slipons because I would be afraid they would slip off . 
Quite spendy for slippers , but frankly so worth it . 
Purchased another pair for my son . 
But , on the other hand , I was very curious about how much better a slipper for $ 85 would be compared to a slipper that cost $ 20.00 . 
So , I ordered the UGG Australia Women's Scuffette Slippers and I have to admit that I'm blown away by how good they feel . 
Now , the next test ( and the real test ) will be how long this comfort lasts . 
I've bought so many pair of $ 20 house slippers that were comfortable for about a month and then stretched out 2 sizes and the faux fur inside flattened so badly that I had to get another pair . 
So , I've probably spent a lot more than $ 85 in the past year on slippers . 
I will update this review in a couple of months and let you know if these slippers are still as comfortable as they are today ! 
! 
But after wearing them for several days the boot must have stretched because they feel comfortable . 
I wear them with socks . 
Without socks they are too itchy . 
I purchased a size 6 when normally I wear a size 6.5 or 7 in a shoe . 
Purchased in black . 
Color is good since the boot looks good under slacks and is not obvious you're wearing a boot . 
The sole of the boot is thin and flexible enough so you can feel the ground underneath , which I've found is an excellent way to prevent slipping . 
Toes were soaked after I walked through a puddle . 
She has the other brand and immediately felt the difference . 
I'm never disappointed with the quality of Ugg boots ! 
uggs are my go to shoes . 
i splurged and got the hot pink . 
i wear them almost everyday . 
uggs and crocs are what i wear . 
I don't care if they are ugly or not , once you wear them you won't want to take them off , ever . 
Bought them for my wife since she kept buying cheap knockoffs . 
She absolutely loves them and wears them at every opportunity . 
Sizing is right on 
My wife loves them , so we will have to see if they wear well . 
They are comfy of course as all Uggs are . 
I ordered a soze 8 when i should have ordered a 7 . 
No problems . 
Price is excessive to my way of thinking but she his worth it to have the originals . 
They last a long time so long as you take good care of them . 
I bought these boots after an extensive research for my girl , she loves the feeling and she claims they are very comfy , I will probably order more in this colors , the package was just right , and they came on time as promised . 
I will recommend buying from this seller 
What else is there to say ? ? 
my wife has a few pairs of Uggs she wears but this " short boot " is her slipper.She ' s worn the same pair of these for 7 years - each and every day - finally her toes pushed thru the ends of her first pair and I bought her these as a replacement , even if she said not to when I asked her . 
She loves them.Being a bit cold natured she wears them even in the summers around the house in the mornings ... they are beside her bed every night and she slips into them in the AM . 
She actually tried UGG slippers awhile back ... but she is spoiled with the coverage / warmth of the short boots for her ankles . 
What can I say ? 
My daughter loves these boots and can't seem to have enough of them . 
Why I do not know . 
They look ugly to me , hence the name ? ? ? 
and appear to be uncomfortable with their flat plastic type soles . 
Good thing I don't have to wear them ! 
I do wish however that I invented them . 
For this style , purchase a size smaller than you typically wear - these will stretch ( I've made this mistake before ) . 
These will be my early spring and early fall house shoes , the step before and after my Ugg boots . 
I'd read the reviews and was prepared for the fit . 
They will not stay tied and I've tripped a few times because of it . 
I'm thinking of glueing them together to solve the problem . 
They will start off pretty snug , but over time the fur compacts and you will have more room in them . 
I recommend avoiding wearing these outside if you want to keep them as true house shoes . 
Expensive but worth every cent . 
Arrived on time . 
I've worn them every day since they arrived . 
This is the third order I've placed for this item . 
The indoor slipper wore out so my most recent order is a replacement . 
I wear them all the time . 
I wish I could wear them out and about but worried I will get them dirty . 
I read reviews they fit larger than normal and I ordered just hoping it was true and it was . 
I needed them to fit bigger . 
They are the cutest shoes he owns . 
he even loves them . 
wish they came larger so when he grows out of these . 
lots of compliments 
I think I could find socks that were just as nice for a lot less money . 
I would not purchase them again for that reason alone . 
They will be great for workouts and everyday wear . 
Needed to replace old ones ! 
wear them everyday at home . 
Downside is that they pile with fur balls . 
But they are so soft that I don't mine the fur balls . 
These are soft and thick enough so your entire foot is cushioned in your shoe . 
I have five pairs of these socks and I think they truly are a contender for the world's softest socks ( certainly in their class ! ) . 
I purchased these for my daughter who is in the Navy . 
They are required to wear black socks . 
Not only did it shrink to half the size when I washed it , but it came completely apart as well . 
Would not buy again under any circumstances . 
Poorly made and too tight for my head anyway 
Hew loves it for wearing to town or out to the garden . 
He loves it . 
I usually wear a large hat . 
Ordered a large / xl as reviews suggested and the hat is too big . 
For the price I cant beat these . 
Been wearing them every day for 12 + hours for almost 2 months . 
Lets see how long they last . 
I purchased these for my husband after he blew the heel off his other pair.He told me they broke in really nice over a weekend hiking trip . 
I had been wearing the big " D " boots for years , in particular the striker series . 
They changed them , two more times from the original , and their last iteration was impossible to wear . 
all gave my feet major problems even with orthotics . 
I'm as flat footed as they come , so this is always an issue and thus why I wear orthotics.Fast forward and I did a lot of research on boots . 
I had thought of trying a more common name in uniform boots , but wanted to try these because of the good reviews . 
These turned out to be an awesome find . 
I know that I was wearing an 11 EE in the big " D " and so I ordered the 11.5 EE ( wide ) in the Timberlands and that turned out to be a good idea . 
Timberlands EE is more narrow than the big " D " EE . 
Since they don't make an even wider size , I'll make due . 
Either way I have been wearing them since USPS delivered today ( SUNDAY ) and they feel good . 
This is a first , never had a pair of shoes or boots that I could wear the whole day and not have aching feet.The only real problem I see is that this size is sold out everywhere . 
Even Amazon . 
I can only hope they are not discontinued , that would be awful and would have to start searching all over again for something that fits and works with my feet . 
I even tried a pair of Timberland White Ledge or something , 11 EE , and those are being returned . 
They are not wide enough , not long enough , and they cut down across the top of my foot no matter how loose I make them . 
My goal is just to buy enough of these to have on hand as the others wear , to go into a new pair . 
But a year is a good plan even per my foot doctor as they wear down over that year.If you like brown , or you can find these in your size , go for it . 
I've written to Timberland to see what their future plans are for this model.UPDATE : After about a week , my feet could not be happier . 
In fact , much better than my previous brand boot that I was wearing for 7-10 years . 
I would buy 2 new pairs of those other brand boots each year . 
I'd wear a pair to work , then come home and get changed , and wear the other . 
And after a year , they were both worn down pretty bad . 
I'd know because my knees would start hurting . 
Bad part is these are on backorder until October , 2014 per Timberland . 
( in black ) 
The expandable waist works well for me because I sit and bend a lot during a typical day in my office . 
These pants fit great but the fabric is not a regular demin . 
Not what I expected and I will be returning these . 
A good pair of jeans are as essential for a man as the little black dress is for a woman . 
A good pair of jeans go anywhere . 
I wear mine to dinner , to the grocer , to church . 
So far I have just tried them on , but they seem nice . 
I like being able to purchase a 31 inch length which is hard to find . 
Most are made for men and women buy them because there wasn't a choice . 
This is your choice ! 
! 
about the fit and sizing information . 
However , I can understand why women may be frustrated and , as some stated , this is a men's sizing situation . 
Not sure what to suggest to the ladies , but it's worth the risk.The quality of the material was superb ! ! 
Wow . 
Nice as a wind-breaker as well.In other words , I found this jacket so nice that I ordered another one before anyone finds out how awesome it is.Way to go Amazing-zon ! ! 
! 
I got this jacket for running in the rain . 
It is just a shell , which is exactly what I wanted ( perfect for spring and summer ; and with layering , it is also fine for winter ) . 
This seems to be a fairly well made jacket . 
I normally wear a L ( 12-14 ) and this fit perfectly . 
I just don't love it as much as I wished I could . 
i like it . 
i recommend that watch who is beautiful 
I really like this ring and have worn it . 
I would recommend this piece to everyone who is thinking of getting it . 
I bought these for my husband . 
Put on a coat of quality water repellent prior to using them . 
So far so good ! ! ! 
The boot fits well - I bought a 10.5 size so I would have room for double socks in the winter . 
The true test is when I use the this winter , but based on my past boot experinces these boots seem to have the right stuff ! ! 
! 
These boots fit as expected . 
I usually wear 4E running shoes , and these run alittle tight , but they are pretty comfortable . 
I was able to wear them all day without any issue while at camp . 
During the colder months these have been a life saver on my feet . 
I just took this pair of boots , straight out of the box , for an 11 mile hike across muddy and rocky terrain , as well as several stream crossings . 
They were completely waterproof when I accidentally submerged them about halfway into the stream . 
Infinite improvement over the sneakers I normally wear.Some other notes : - I noticed that one of the boots seemed a bit scratched up . 
I have a Nike pair of hiking boots that I thought were waterproof , found out the hard way that they were not . 
The shoes do come loose , which I think is due to laces and the leather being tough now , it should get better once I broken them in a bit more.They also look good . 
I wear inserts on all my shoes , I put in a pair of in-soles from an old Nike running sneakers and it is a lot more comfortable to walk in . 
! 
Glad I found these . 
wore them twice and sold them on ebay . 
Nice looking boot for day hikes or around town or travel ; with jeans or khakis . 
Light weight but still feel sturdy and durable . 
Have worn in damp conditions but can't yet verify if really waterproof in puddles and streams or how well it lasts . 
Sizing seems true with medium / heavy socks . 
My son doesn't likes boots so much but this past winter was kind of harsh and I got him a pair of these boots and he actually wore them and they fit him comfortable enough to wear . 
He was glad to have them for the remainder of the winter weather we had left . 
I do recommend these boots because they are strong for winter weather , snow , slush and water you name it they can stand it . 
I'm a drummer and I play speed metal so I need shoes that are lightweight and good for double bass pedals . 
I've tried a lot of different types of shoes and brands , like Nike , Adidas , Converse , Vans , etc . 
and these new balance are the way to go . 
I'm 100 % satisfied with this purchase . 
NB well designed , shoe contour is well shaped , the all black is very attractive . 
comfortable inside and luxury finished black.pls send another pair size 7.5 . 
if you wear a regular size you need to get at least a size larger for comfort fit . 
what can I say about New Balance except that it fits my feet , is comfortable to wear is great looking and I can walk for miles without my feet feeling tired . 
great support 
kind of a cool shoe . i'd gone over to the new balance minimus trail shoe for an everyday walk around with jeans and liked the feel , but it is so perforated that was always getting dust and sand or whatever in it . 
i run in minimus and can't beat them for that , and they have a nice ground feel when i go photo shooting , but otherwise not an everyday jean shoe.with the surfeit of weird colors and styles that are now the trend , the best i could find was between the cool retro onitsuka tigers and these 574 ' s . 
they did look a bit too much like a long balloon on my foot , but i tightened the laces to where they should be , and used the ankle lace holes , and it gave them more of a shoe / climber boot look.they are a bit more substantial with my jeans , don't look so much like slippers , and i can tell they will be more protective as i'm walking about aiming the camera , or if i have to help someone move and drop something on my foot as i did in the minimus and regretted it.they do look pretty cool with jeans , very much that retro athletic look i had in high school wearing the adidas romas . 
as they break in with walking i'm sure they will lose the balloon look altogether , and have that track shoe / climber shoe quality they give off in the online pictures to some extent.for the price i don't think they can be beat . 
one of the few styles these days that doesn't have wings , bizarro sole technologies that seem like a moon shoe , or colors that look like walt disney threw up on them . 
like the very cool salomon trail shoes that looked amazing in online pix and turned out to be more akin to moon boots . 
i'm glad they had them in black . 
my only request is to make them in a non-suede full on black and they'd be perfect . 
These shoes ( built on the SL2 platform ) will probably be perfect for my feet , once I get a size I can wear . 
They are narrow and short for a 10 . 
It is a little aggravating the Amazon won't exchnge since it is " my fault " . 
In my defense , my crystal ball is in the shop , and the size 10 ' s that I have been wearing for decades have never been this small and narrow . 
Bleh ! 
Im not impressed . 
It did nothing to hold in my post baby pudge . 
I like wearing the pink / black over my black Rago pull-on garter . 
It ends up looking like the panty is the garter , I get a little extra shaping , and there are no awkward bathroom moments . 
This has a classic look so even my husband , who said he doesn't understand the " granny panty " thing , thinks these look nice on me ; sexy without being slutty once the whole underwear ensemble is complete . 
I read many reviews with mixed results , on me , they are grannies . 
Tight on the waist and not attractive in the least . 
I would not buy them again . 
Also they have a seam in the crotch that rubs me the wrong way . 
Not looking for an office again with a window . 
Not only that but i Purchased theses at a lower cost than buying from a local store and that was with shipping costs 
We have had cold in the single digit's early this year ! 
I have purchased These type Overalls before ? 
Yet They were nothing like these ! 
We had already Tried Long Johns . 
He was even wearing 3 pairs of shocks ! 
Nothing helped ! 
Than I tried these ! 
One of the " BIG " Issues was They could only be " BLACK " ! 
This was the only Company I saw that offered these in Black ? However , I am not saying They aren't EXPENSIVE ! 
They keep the wind from going right through ! 
They are Like wearing a Quilted like a heavy but thin material ? 
Will Purchase another pair ! 
These overalls were bought to replace an old ( too long ) pair that my husband had been given and was wearing into the ground . 
FIts perfect , and he wears them all the time . 
Well made . 
Sizes run small though and they are sure to shrink so you might want to size up . 
Even more if you plan to wear over clothes . 
I wear 38 waist and bought 44 in these and I still couldn't wear over clothes . 
I wear a 7.5 narrow shoe and ordered down a size and fine the 6.5 / 7 slipperfits well . 
I like the indoor / outdoor sole particularly practical for summer wear when I step outside to pick up the morning paper , etc.The periwinkle color with embroidery in pink is very delicate and goes well with summer nightwear . 
The sole seems grippy enough , but is clearly not meant for anything more than casual use . 
They do seem to run a bit small and I am hoping they stretch a bit while my daughter has them in camp with her . 
I get a new pair of these every other year . 
My dog cannot get these . 
These are perfect and washable ... they are a great buy ... ( Yes , I still have the dog - - ) 
These slippers have arch support and a great feel and fit . 
This is my second pair of these over time and I've found them to be better than more expensive slippers . 
The design is cute too . 
Definitely would buy another pair ! 
They don't hold up forever - - I go through about two pairs of these every 1.3 years or so . 
However , at under fifteen bucks you cannot beat it . 
They look exactly like the photo - if not better . 
She loves them because they're so pretty and the fit is just right ( she normally wears an 8 M . 
Worth the money . 
Besides being pretty it fits like a glove and the material is soft and flexible . 
This is a comfy winter to summer slipper . 
The insole padding is thick and wears well . 
Not only did these slippers not fit , after wearing just a short time the insole padding goes flat . 
Not up to Isotoner's reputation sorry to say . 
I wear a 9.5 by the way and these were large even after washing in HOT water trying to shrink them some . 
Sorry but I had to replace with something else . 
Exactly what I needed . 
No complaints so far . 
I have washed both pairs a few times and they come out like new . 
Worth every penny and then some ! ! 
! 
Got these for the wife a couple years ago . 
The wife says they are comfy . 
That's all that matters to me . 
They fit well . 
Am looking forward to being able to toss them in the washer to freshen them ! 
a bit on the large side but really no complains . 
Getting ready to order another pair to pack when I go on an overnighter .. girls night out , works for me 
As much as I like them , and use them , next time I will order with strap in the back . 
If it helps , I am a true size 8 in shoes . 
I worried because the slipper was sized as 7.5 /8 . 
My hope was that they would be closer to 8 than 7.5 . 
They fit great ! ! 
! 
It is squishy and does not provide enough support for walking . 
Would not recommend this to anyone with foot or hip problems since it could cause tripping . 
These seem to stretch quickly and are too big quickly . 
I suggest ordering a size smaller . 
The bottom and stitching is very sturdy and well made . 
As always Isotoner quality , this slipper fits well and is well made . I wear them as house shoes , but can go out side for the paper with out worrying . They are sturdy enough to wear daily . I would recommend them to anyone . 
I was preparing to travel by air and wanted something compact for my luggage . 
I wear an size 8 shoe and the large is perfect . 
I plan to save them for travel . 
I like these slippers . 
I buy two or three pairs every winter . 
I feel much more safe doing the stairs while wearing these slippers . 
They are very cute and I kept them because I can wear them , but they are very snug . 
Maybe good advice is to order up a size , but it depends on foot structure . 
I have a broad toe , narrow heel and high instep . 
Next time I'll order up a size . 
These are my favorite slippers . 
The fit is snug on my size 9 foot , but not tight - just right . 
These are my goto slippers first thing in the morning , and for padding around the house during the day and into the evening . 
Buy them in the summer , when they're cheaper - - the price always seems to rise near Christmas.In Phoenix , I don't need big old sheepskin-lined boot-slippers on my feet . 
My one and only complaint is a flimsy sole . 
On the other hand , I wear them on the concrete patio and even out on the rocks in my yard , which is not the best use of the slippers . 
They put up with my abuse pretty well . 
Would definitely recommend them , but probably not for really cold weather . 
Thanks to all their reviews , I knew to order a size up . 
This slipper is actually cuter than I expected from the picture . 
It fits well and is wearing well . 
The elastic is not too tight , and the warmth is appropriate for temperate weather . 
Wish they would offer an XXL size for those of us who wear a size 11 shoe . 
I ordered a C . The cup seemed a little small . 
It sticks on but has a ridge around it the might show if you wear something fitted . 
Really sticks . 
I'm returning it . 
Used it for a strappy / nearly-backless dress last Valentine's day . 
Hand-washed as recommended ; looks just as good as before wear . 
Just feels funny on as though it's going to fall off at any moment although I must say it does the job 
Wore them with a sundress in extremely hot weather and they stayed in place for the 4 hour event ! 
Even with all the sweating ! 
I ordered one of these in a B cup a few months ago and wore out the adhesive on it by wearing it so often , which isn't a bad thing . 
I really , really like this adhesive bra and often forget I'm wearing it . 
I am between a B and C cup and ended up ordering the C cup this time . 
I would definitely recommend this product ! 
I needed this for a wedding where I wore a backless dress . 
I was hoping it would hold up the girls , as well as provide coverage . 
It provided coverage but my breasts did not look perky . 
Maybe I was doing it wrong but not exactly what I was hoping for . 
This is good nubra as this price . 
I used to pay more for nubra . 
I will buy more . 
I was really excited to see a product that would fit a DD but I should have known better . 
There is no way these will fit a true DD . 
MAYBE they would be good for a C cup but that would be it . 
Good quality for a good price . 
However I had read to get a half size smaller and usually wear an eight so I got a 7.5 . 
I should have gotten a 7 because these run BIG apparently . 
Then , after about 2 months , the gel in the heel started leaking and the sole started peeling off from the shoe . 
I would not buy these again and have switched to Ecco shoes . 
Although more than double the price , they are worth it and will probably last twice as long compared to the Dockers . 
Whenever I am at home they are on my feet . 
They feel wonderful on my feet after spending 12 or more hours on my feet . 
They do run a little large but I am just going to order the next size smaller . 
I have really wide feet and I normally have to go the next size larger to get things that fit but not with these . 
I am going to buy some as gifts and give them to my whole family for their birthdays and Christmas . 
I love acorn slippers that don't have a center seam across the top . 
I would have ordered an additional pair , however ; these are not flat on the bottom . 
Somehow my foot often seems to roll sideways when I walk . 
I think there is something to make the sole soft and it lifts my foot . 
I wear a size 8 in shoes , so I ordered the size 8-9 knowing that they might be a little big , which is fine ; they're compatible with my thick wool socks , and they're easy to slip in and out of . 
I'm glad I opted for the style that has a covered heel , otherwise I suspect my foot might slip around more . 
They seem well-made and sturdy . 
They don't provide any arch support , but with a slipper I didn't expect that , yet they provide great cushioning that makes walking around on hard , unforgiving wooden floors feel better than it did in just socks . 
White probably wasn't the smartest choice since I forsee them getting a bit dingy , but I'm only wearing them around the house . 
I'm already tempted to buy another pair . 
They seem to strech out . 
I thought the price was right and I would recommend them . 
I don't understand how other reviewers are saying that these run large . 
I am a size 9 and my toes went right up to the edge of the suede material . 
Not horribly uncomfortable but I saw that as a potential " wear out " spot . 
I returned these for the XL ( actually went with the Black Bear Moc style ) so that I could also put my custom orthotics in there to make these even more dreamy . 
He was in the middle of the sizing so he didn't have a problem with length like I did . 
Hope that this helps you decide ! 
I was looking for shoes to wear inside but could also be worn outside for brief stints when necessary.These are perfect . 
I wear mine with socks . 
These are really puffy , but the soles are not and feel secure on the ground . 
Just enough padding but it doesn't interfere with walking like some slippers . 
They really are slipper / shoes . 
I only have white . 
I've had these over a year now , they wear and fit just like the day I got them . 
Tend to get a little pilly around the cuff area over time . 
I ordered the wrong size for my husband ( he informed me after he had worn them ) but he still loves them . 
I plan on ordering another pair soon but these are holding up so well I don't really need to . 
Slipper was too big , but due to sizing of 12-13 , and I wear a 12 , that was understandable . 
Hard to describe but that with the too big feeling and the all synthetic fabric added up to " no better than a cheap department store slipper . " Amazon is very easy for returns though . 
I give up on slippers ; despite the ads , I find that there is too little support in the sole of any slippers , these included 
I use mine to run out and grab the mail in cold weather on slippery surfaces , and in light snow . 
So far , they've proven to be very good under slippery conditions , including the wet linoleum floor of the kitchen . 
I saw these n a magazine , found them on Amazon for much less . 
Looking into getting another pair as since I wear these every day - almost all day ( work from home ) I will need more soon ! 
Comfortable to wear , stays in place.FYI : When this visor arrived , it had been packaged carefully , but the bill on the visor was a little warped . 
It quickly dried to a perfect curve . 
I really like this visor and will be wearing it lots . 
Only down side is that I can't wear it for a long period of time ; it squeezes my head enough to be bothersome after about an hour . 
But it does stay on ! 
My husband loves his new vest . 
I bought this vest for camping , hunting and other outdoor activities . 
I got a size large so it will fit everyone in the family even if it's a little big on me and the older kids , and so far it's been a great purchase.It zips up the front , and the material is lightweight and breathable but not cheap . 
There are so many pockets - 17 of them ! 
There's a little patch of fake sheep's wool to hold fishing flies , but I took that off . 
This is similar to the vest I've been admiring at Gander Mountain for $ 40 , so I was happy to find it cheaper here on Amazon with free Prime shipping.The only reason I didn't give it five stars is that I discovered once I had it that it's made in China . 
But I like to have the information to choose before I buy . 
I also like the color which is heavy cream color rather than the pinkish color shown in the picture . 
They match my coat . 
I've had such poor luck with boots in the past . 
I was out today in 10degree F weather with 40mph winds . 
The ONLY part of me that was not cold were my feet . 
Toasty all day long . 
I thoroughly recommend these boots . 
I wear these to the market on a cold day and plus out in the snow . 
But I love that I can dress these with a pair of jeggings and a skiing sweatshirt and have some fashion stylish look . 
Half sizes would be a dreamcome true ! ! 
It seems that for so much money there could be more comfort . 
Up here in the winter , you find yourself wearing them for long periods of time.Otherwise , they look great and are put together really well . 
Excellent quality leather and workmanship . 
The color is a deep purple or what I would call eggplant and beautiful . 
There are enough compartments for quite a bit of stuff . 
Worth the money . 
My bad back loves these soles , my weak ankles are so thankful for the support , and they polish up nice . 
Too bad they stopped making half sizes . 
I knew these would be small stones and the sure are ! 
I would have preferred a little bit bigger stone . 
These are like being barefoot without all the Legos , sewing pins and parts of broken dishes that were missed in the clean up . I used to live barefoot for almost 20 years.Shoes never felt right , then I moved out to a place with weather that forces you to learn to wear shoes.These are the answer for most of the shoe requiring times , like having toddlers or people who repair things and ask if anyone saw where that screw went . 
I have bought these from an another source and I have to say ... 
They are so soft which was what I was looking for , although you might want to try and get a wider version because they run narrow at the toe area . 
These are not the docs I normally wear . 
They are not made in England . 
They are shaped like clown shoes the sole wears out and the leather rubs off IN LESS THAN A YEAR ! 
I did not wear these often due to the tackiness of the boots . 
This is just a low quality replica of what was once more than an icon . 
Very poor craftsmanship . 
Took the length of time to break them in as it did to wear them out . 
What a waste ! ! ! 
I will get the vintage 1460s from the DMs website instead next time around . 
Very worthwhile purchase , and I would not hesitate to buy again . 
Good . 
I purchased these boots for my wife to wear to and from her car when we have heavy snow . 
I purchased a size 5 and her regular shoe size is 7 - womens . 
Nice normal rubber boots , not too plasticky or flimsy . I wear a size 12 , but I have a wide forefoot and a lot of shoes just hurt my forefoot unless I go a size bigger , in which case my heel slides out . 
But my chukkas , Merrill's ( too tight ) , Allen Edmonds , and Patagonia shoes are all size 12 . 
) So I thought 12 would be a good fit for these runner boots , but my foot doesn't quite lock in . 
They fit well enough to handle some muddy tasks in the yard , but I wouldn't want to walk around in them all day for fear of blisters . 
I wear these at work because the dish room can get wet really quick . 
Hate walking home with wet socks ! 
For a quick pick me up in the shine and color of your dress shoes , this is a perfect option to make your shoes look better for that important meeting , or simply as needed to quickly get your shoes back to being presentable . 
Because I am walking up and down stairs at work all day ( and I am relatively clumsy ) , my shoes end up scuffed very quickly . 
A quick coat of this magic sauce and they are back to good as new ! 
My biggest concern initially was that it wouldn't dry quickly enough , and would leave marks all over my pants . 
This is not the case however , and It dries nearly instantly on my shoes . 
Im more than satisfied . 
a little pricey but worth it . 
i'm 5 ' 7 ' ' and my chemise was short , like a short cami top , that's the downside , on a good note , the fabric is nice and comfortable 
The insert is easily extracted for drying or cleaning , and the leather strap on the upper back portion of the boot helps to get the boot on . 
These are an absolute necessity in cold climates . 
I began using Shoe Goo on my tennis and running shoes in 1983 . 
Since then , new uses have emerged every week or so . 
It will adhere to any clean surface that's not coated in oil , grease , paint thinner or acetone . 
The sole of the shoes will rip off before the strap comes loose.If this stuff will secure a loose sole onto a running shoe and allow for another 100 miles or so , what else can it do ? 
You name it . I keep both black and original on hand . 
I wouldn't buy it again ; would just go to a cobbler . 
Ordered these for my daughter for Christmas ... she loves them ! 
We have never been let down by Sorel ; top quality , true to size boot . 
Being out in the snow and cold . 
They are big , heavy and clunky . 
That being said , I didn't buy them for fashion . 
They fit nicely at my normal size as long as I wear wool socks with them . 
If you like to wear your boots without socks or thin socks you may want to get a smaller size than you normally wear . 
This tends to be too big for my head , but if you have big hair it may fit better . 
Shopped around for a replace flap hat and found this one . 
I would recommend this hat to my friends and family . 
I bought this hat for general outdoor activities whether it be hiking or mowing the lawn or just sitting in the sun at the beach . 
Its light weight and breathes well and for those of us with fair skin it really saves the back of your neck from sunburn . 
It seems pretty well made for my use . 
If you are going head first though thicket / thorns when hiking or hunting it may not be up to your standards.Also I wear this in the milder parts of winter . 
I tend to have trouble with a regular scarf getting to hot around the neck or getting in the way . 
Purchased a MED for my 5 ' 11 " son and they fit like a LRG straight out of the box . 
I'm expecting them to shrink since they are 100 % cotton and therefore I will keep them as I really don't care if his sweats are too big or not . 
I purchased two pair of these sweatpants and one of them already came apart at the seem in the upper leg and crotch area . 
This stuff is so cheaply made it's a joke . 
Never heard of this brand and will never buy them again . 
I'm just lucky my wife can sew the pants back together . 
I'm just wondering how long they are going to last . 
They , like the sweatshirts are very soft and comfortable , but there sizing is off and the sewing leaves a little to be desired . 
I wear a lot of sweats and these were very disappointing . 
The 1 leg keep rising up even with the elastic . 
I have never had this happen before with any of the other products I ordered so , it is safe to say I will not order this brand again . 
They are . 
I do have to roll down the waist ; but I do not mind . 
Perfect for winter lounging . 
I'm inclined to buy at least one or two more . 
I got these for my boyfriend who usually wears the saggiest of sweats because they have been worn for years and stretched out from repeated wear and washing . 
He claims they felt good and were a nice medium weight , but to me they seemed a bit tight in the upper legs . 
The size isn't really the issue , as the waist and hips fit just fine . 
Hopefully they will stretch out like the old ones to give a more streamline look . 
He just uses them to work out and stretch , so really not a big issue at this price . 
I recommend this product to everybody . 
It took more than 2 weeks to ship from the seller and arrived well after the original estimated ship date . 
I bought Medium , which is what I wear all the time . 
Also , there is NO pouch . 
The front is flat and even if they were the right size , I believe they would be very uncomfortable . 
BOTTOM line , it took 5 weeks and $ 2.41 to receive and return a product that did not fit . 
I workout somewhat aggressively for a 60 + guy and I perspire very heavily . 
Since my fitness area is in my home these are my workout briefs . 
. And the " brief " style furnishes good support for the ballroom . 
However for standard wear I prefer a roomy silk boxer . 
Have bought these before . 
They are a little snugger than Dockers . 
If I loose a little more weight they will be fine . 
I . E . 
Based on previous purchase of this product , they run a bit small , so I would order a size up than you normally wear . 
My gf loves them . 
Basic briefs are perfect : the fabric and the cut . 
The fabric stretches--but not too much ! 
i am a 40 waist and have a butt of sorts . 
i tried these ( XL ) and some other brands after wearing the briefs cut for years . 
the issue with the " briefs " cut is that the waist band is really thin and not very durable . 
other brands ( Hanes for one ) XL size have leg holes that are too big and so your contents are not secure.but i decided that pulling them up all the time was a pain and not very attractive so i tried the Poco . 
the poco are more costly for sure but it is due to the design . 
they have a contoured cup , so the coverage is better and there is less smashing of the parts contained in the crotch area . 
those are worth the trade off for me which is that these are hotter because of the double material.the waist band is tight on me but bearable and they do not ride or slip all day long . 
the coverage and the no slipping is what makes these a winner for me . 
i do wish they were not so tight but they work . 
i should note that the prints seem to be a material pattern , some of the briefs prints were screened on so they were not as stretchy.the other this is that i wear these and most other underwear inside out . 
that is because the seems cut into my skin and i get irritation , mostly at the waist seem where it's tight and at the seem at the very bottom of the garment if you can imaging that . 
how i wish companies would design for comfort not look since no one seems these . 
simply turning them inside out does the trick , but remember to cut off the brand tab or it will irritate . 
I love the shirt , fit is good , could be a little larger if you like a really loose fit though . 
I suggest if you want as a layering shirt and you wear a medium size to get an extra large ! 
This shirt is just right . 
Can be worn like a button down for business wear or open like a jacket , with the sleeves rolled up or knotted in front over a maxi dress . 
I ordered a large it fits just right . 
my wife loves these shirts and is wearing them all the time they are not only well made but they look good too 
These are so comfortable , I am wearing a size 10 EEE . 
So that is why I put 5 Stars . 
They most likely would have stretched into a comfortable Slipper but I wanted to make sure for what I paid . 
So to make sure I returned the 9 ' s and ordered a size larger 10 EEE . 
So order a size larger than you normally wear and you will be very happy with the results ... A Great Shoe .. 
The slippers are very good . 
They are what I was hoping for . 
This is a very well made slipper . 
My husband wears a 9.5 and since they did not have half sizes , I ordered a 10 . 
Sadly , it was too big , and I had to send it back . 
I wish they had this slipper in a 9.5 . 
It also has a much softer back heel cup . 
The fleece lined slipper can be slipped into with no pushing ; the fleece stiffens the heel and it does not collapse when putting on . 
The terry lined version has a soft back heel and folds itself down when trying to slide into it . 
Sometimes , I have to bend over to get it on . I recommend the fleece lined slipper version rather than this one . 
this shirt fit and looked nice until I washed it . 
It faded and shrunk . 
The washer comes set this way . 
sorry ! 
I had to do something for her so she would not use her own smelly one . 
A smoker . 
I really like it . 
I like the fact that the ties are made of the same material as the body of the apron . 
I was looking for a spacious bag simple enough to carry stuff to daycare for my son . 
this bag is spacious and durable . 
very happy with it , the only thing i would suggest is that it had a hard bottom , but that wasn't necessary for what i needed it for . 
For those occasions you just don't want to or need to carry an expensive tote bag , this inexpensive tote bag will do just fine . 
The material is substantial and it washes well , actually . 
I'm using it as a regular handbag for summer . 
This is a nice pocket tee that I wear to bed ... and lounge in during the mornings . 
It runs true to size , and it is on the heavy side . 
It is not as soft as most tees . 
I suspect it is NOT combed cotton ... which makes things feel " cozy " . 
My husband is so picky about the t-shirts he wears , it's almost impossible to please him . 
This time was over the top ! 
He thinks I'm a ` keeper ' because I hunted down the perfect pocket tee - I think he's the ` keeper ' and worth the leg work . 
I saw on another review that Noble has some poor-quality wands mixed in with their original high quality ones . 
I kept my fingers crossed for a good wand , and I got it ! 
The description says navy blue . 
The picture is a very dark blue , so I ordered it . 
The vest arrived and is a smokey blue , not a dark blue . 
Glad there are some retailers out there that provide decent quality and classic styles for the ladies out there that aren't petite . 
Vests are perfect for the between days - hot to cold - cold to hot - when a coat is too much & a blouse is too little . 
I needed to replace my old vests and chose this one . 
The color is good , too ( I ordered a nice neutral brown ) . 
I like how the vest fits and it looks great but if you wear it with black ( like I usually do ) , little pink fuzzies ( is that a word ) get all over your shirt . 
There is a flap ( under ) on one side of the zipper so that when you zip the vest up , the wind cannot get in.The 2 pockets have zipper closures . 
Some fleece balls up after a few washings . 
Thank U . 
No more getting stuck turning over . 
Almost like wearing nothing . 
I like these so much about a second pair . 
If I had paid more for the pajamas I would be upset with the hem coming out . 
But as it is I am just going to mend them before it all comes out and enjoy the great night sleep I have in them . 
A little see through so I would be uncomfortable wearing them in front of my son . 
The pajamas look so good that who I bought them for doesn't want to wear them in fear that they will ruin them or that they will attract the wrong person . 
Size chart was spot on . 
She wears them a lot . 
I have green of the name and I know all about the pj's . 
I like these very much . 
They are soft and silky . 
Pretty colorVery comfortablePants are a little too long for me at5 ' 2 " . Size smaller probably would be better . 
Other reviewers said how thin the material is but nylon is supposed to be thin . 
I have washed them several times and they are holding up good . 
I got the Safari Print and I'm very satisfied with them . 
fits a little tight for a size 8 . but overall its exactly like the picture its just the sizing may be a bit off 
Thank you so much for having this one for me to buy . 
Thank you . 
:-) 
It Fits really nice even though I went with one size bigger . 
The fit was perfect , i wish the leg opening was an inch or inch an a half wider however the product is wonderful 
The pant fabric is thinner than expected.Fits at the waist.The quality is good but unimpressive . I have better pants for the price range . 
I ordered the same size I usually wear in Levi's . 
Maybe it's just because I've been doing so many squats over the past couple months ! 
Either way , I'm very satisfied . 
All in all , I will purchase these again when the time comes ! 
The pant is fit me as expected my weist is 28 ' ' , the color is somewhat green and it is thin , and can wear over 20C . 
I got confused with hybrid and twill , this hybrid is not becoming , the material is very hard , and the fit squishes your balls not good . 
He really like this back pack . 
The only neg I think of is that the strap that clips across his chest is too high . 
But he is a very tall man 6ft 4inchs . 
For the price its okay . 
I ordered a size bigger and still think it runs small . 
My son is on the husky side and these are more of a slim fit pant . 
I always buy the " Hanes " sweats and never had an issue with sizing . 
Nice fabric , no fading . 
I bought these plain , white polo shirts for my teenage sons , as they required to wear them for work ( retail / food service ) . 
They fit fine , and seem to be good quality . 
However , I don't think these are " real " IZOD shirts ( i . e . , they are knock offs ) , as they don't have the logo on the front . 
Either way , we are satisfied with the purchase . 
This shirt has a knit that is too coarse for me and the fit is good except for a too short length . 
Bought this for my step-daughter for Christmas since she loves horses . 
The horse is cute , I dont think she really uses it . 
The secret little side drawers are a wonder . 
The 12 year old girl I bought it for seemed truly enchanted by it . 
I give it only 4 stars because the balsa-like wood quality seems a little flimsy . 
However , I thought it was good value for my money . 
This is an excellent bra . 
I am around a 34D / 34DD ( I am just in the middle of these two sizes , or so I've been told by Victoria's Secret ) . 
I would definitely recommend this bra to someone who is larger-chested . 
It's reasonably priced on sale , and is much more supportive than some of the lower-priced sports bras . 
I have trouble with either the underwire ( poking like heck ) , under arm area not protruding , not enough minimizing and the list goes on and on . 
Took a long time to find this and I will not be changing . 
Sure thing . 
It fit well , the straps and base are sturdy , but the cups are stretchy and there is no support . 
I would not wear this for any kind of sport . 
They have discontinued the scoop back bra that has seams , but super support so I was hoping this would take it's place . 
They are my everyday ones , now , unless I don't want them to " show " at the neckline of whatever shirt I am wearing ( the next is a little high for some shirts ) . 
This bra fits but does not control bounce for my DDs . 
I am not completely disappointed because it is comfortable but it is actually a " medium impact " bra according to the tags on it when it arrived . 
For activities such as " yoga and walking " Blah . 
I need something to really work out in . 
I'm only half kidding with that but it can only be used if you're not doing high impact sports . 
Spinning would be OK if you're not doing too many jumps 
The cups don't squish you flat but also are not a support jog bra . 
These shoes fit perfectly , although as I'm wearing them more they seem just a trifle big . 
Not sure if they all get like that . 
We like to walk around a beach that has many reefs and tide pools to get in you need to be careful not to cut yourself and these shoes really protect your feet . 
Due to hereditary foot conditions I cannot wear dainty pretty little sandals on the beach or in spas . 
:/ I have to wear a shoe that will support my foot and can accommodate custom orthopedics.These are great for exploring rocky beaches or while snorkeling in shallow waters . 
8 is my size , and this fits well . 
Love wearing for water aerobics , and walking around the pool and locker room 
The provide good protection in older pools and on rough surfaces . 
He had some issues with the inner sole or liner curling up . 
They are made will with sturdy materials and stay tight when in water . 
These seem okay but I feel like i can't close them and the velcro is not going to hold up all summer 
My granddaughter loves them . 
My kids will not wear for a couple of months , but this was such a good price I got them now . 
I like the adjustable collar so they can stay on . 
They are easy to put them on and adjust to fit the child'd foot . 
So convenient to order from Amazon when you know exactly what you want . 
My husband likes to sleep in a big shirt , and it is not easy to find these in size 3XL . 
What's not to love about the convenience ? 
Besides buying a size too large , the leather is so soft that it looks lumpy on your feet . 
I didn't like how it looked . 
Very cushiony insole . 
I bought these shoes to replace a pair that wore out ( after 10 years ! ) . 
Simple , plain , go with everything . 
Comfy to wear ... but I need arch support . 
Pinches the little toe . 
If you have no problem with arches , you will like . 
However I used shoe stretchers and stretch spray and they seem to be loosing up . 
I think I will wear them for a long time 
Very comfy . 
Cushioned sole makes a big difference . 
Many years ago , did a review on these jeans when I sort of starved myself , so I did wish to update what I said . 
Was a 6 then ; now I am a healthy size 8 . 
Took the 10 short , and while a little big , they are still that wonderful Wrangler quality , fit and style . 
These are cut for real women with curves , tummies , that look like real people , not stick models . 
I am now over 60 , and they fit in all the right places . 
If you like a little loose , size up . 
I cannot say enough good things about these jeans . 
So go for it ! 
These are wonderful ! 
I initially purchases this shoe in a 7M , my usual size . 
They felt like a half size small so I purchased the 7.5 M which was better and actually feels like a size 7 . 
Out of all my many shoes , I have never had to purchase a 7.5 ( other than my Asics running shoes ) so I do think this shoe runs small or maybe it runs narrow . 
It works , but if the tail of the tie is on the short side , you won't have anything to hold it behind the broad end . 
Cold wind doesn't blow through them like regular jeans . 
My idea of cold is Florida winter , so don't think they are all you need in colder climates . 
Great fitting.Cons : expensive , but not really for what you get . 
My hushand is always saying you can't buy jeans online . 
I ordered nine pair of various jeans on Amazon , going by reviews of fit and the picture of the man actually wearing the jeans ... who is built like my husband , you can generally tell from the picture how these are going to fit . 
! 
The fleece lined are much warmer and block more wind than the flannel lined , and if Carhartt made fleece lined work pants I would buy them instead . 
I usually wear my flannel lined pants when it's really cold outside ( below 20 ) but I'm doing most of my work inside , or when the outside temps are 30-40 degrees . 
Feel is the same as in unlined pants . 
I've been wearing mine almost every day for the last week as well as earlier in the month . 
Carhartt products are all well made , so you get both durability and warmth with these . 
These really are the old style dungaree , so exactly what I was looking for . 
They are a soft not stiff dungaree . 
This has been a problem with some brands of jeans . 
You have a pair that fit , buy another pair exactly alike both style and size but they are not the same fit . 
If you like the skinny leg jeans these are not what you are looking for . 
For a cheap pack of black socks , they aren't bad , but they're pretty thin . 
If they were a little thicker , better constructed , I'd consider a 4 or 5 star rating . 
If you like thin socks , then you probably would be okay with these . 
For the price I thought they were going to be paper thin but they aren't . 
Hanes is quality . 
They truly are no-show . 
Not as expected , a tough fight to get the socks onto my entire foot , and then compressing my toes uncomfortably . 
I wear size 10 shoe , which was supposed to be within the size range . 
Despite my dislike of the foot , these babies are needed . 
If you hate feet like me , then just cover them up man and buy some of these . 
Don't go barefoot and walk around all Huckleberry Finn there bro . 
I like Hanes so i decided to try these on and they are ok not spectacular as some of their other socks products but it is a six pack so good deal 
this bag is perfect for all my gym stuff . 
Materiel is very durable . 
The only drawback is the lack of pockets . 
This helped a lot . 
This is a perfect size if you want something more convenient than the standard carry on that is bulky . 
But I found it held just as much . 
This camisole is just what I wanted but it is too tight , even a size large . 
I have not returned it since I think it will fit my granddaughter . 
I try to order on sale and out of season . 
It is very expensive to return shoe to the shipper and instructions must be followed exactly as stated to receive the refund and avoid more costs . 
So if you need a " mustard brown " shoe - this is the shoe for you ! 
This shoe looks and feels like plastic when you see it cose up . 
They have a very tidy put together look somewhere between casual and dressy . 
Very long . 
The stirrup-ed material is durable I have worn and washed the leg warmers 10 + times and they are still in good shape . 
I am thrilled with my Guardian Angel pendant . 
The size is perfect to wear with all my outfits . 
Have had many compliments . 
This is a very pretty pendant . 
The angel is high polish , and it is a good weight . 
It is about 2mm in thickness . 
The chain slides through the wings of the angel and stays put if properly centered before wearing . 
Because of the kind of chain and the way it slides through the pendant , the angel does not lie perfectly flat ( it is slightly tilted ); however , it looks and feels nice . 
The chain itself measures 16 inches ( including the lobster claw clasp ) , and it has a 4 inch extension chain that makes the chain adjustable from 16 inches to 20 inches . 
The chain is about 1 mm in diameter and is a good weight for the angel . 
This little piece of jewelry can have any number of symbolic meanings for the wearer . 
What is there not to like ? I initially bought one of these pendants as a Christmas gift for a 100 year old aunt . 
Because she knew I had ordered the pendant and had it sent to her , sight unseen , she sent me an email describing it . 
All of the recipients are very special people and are many many miles away . 
It's sorta ' a family thing ... doncha ' know ! 
;) 
That's the thing about jeans , when you find some that really fit you should go all in ! 
I'm getting on the hard side of my 60 ' s and things don't fit like they used to . 
They look good going in to town or just walking the south 40 with my dog . 
Five Stars 
Gives rounded shape , significant support . 
Center stays inward , lies flat--good separation . 
( I don't care for the uni-breast look . ) 
The band is a little skimpy , so if you are at the edge , go up one band size . 
The cups however fit with full coverage . 
Do not appreciate this kind if inconsistency . 
Where have your standards gone , Lunaire ? 
They are a little tight at the top for a big man with big legs / calves . 
As for wear and tear , time will tell . 
I have dumped every sock in my drawers and replaced them with wigwam . 
Buy Wigwam . 
I wanted this to protect my dress shoes for work . 
couldn't be happier . i would recommend this to anyone wanting to protect their shoes from any sort of damage via weather . 
I bought these to fit over my Born shoes . 
These shoes are little boxy in the toe and I was worried that these overshoes would not fit but the fit is fine ( size 11 1/2 shoes , bought the XL overshoes ) . 
You do notice the extra weight these add to your feet but nothing terrible . 
Got addicted to wearing Merrell glove shoes but they provide no protection in WA rain . 
Tried these out of desperation and I am a fan . 
I've even used them for running to keep the feet dry . 
We were scheduled to take a two-week vacation in a rainy area when I ordered these overshoes for my husband . 
He had tried several waterproof low boots without liking any of them . 
In desperation , I ordered these galoshes ( as we called them when we were children ) . 
I have a size 10 shoe and purchased the XL after reading all the customer reviews to go a bit larger . 
They fit perfect and do a great job at protecting nice dress shoes . 
This bra is soft , fits great , offers support and lift . 
I'm converting it into a nursing bra . 
really wish that made this bra with nursing clasps . 
Didn't like this bra at all . 
So it went back for returns . 
I ordered the bra in my regular size ( 34G ) and it's far too tight . 
The style is great if you're looking for a t-shirt bra but that's only true assuming you can guess the right size ... 
I am very satisfied with it . 
My only complaint is that the underwire sometimes breaks on older bras , even with gentle care . 
My local stores never have my style and size . 
Thank you Amazon for having exactly what I wanted and needed and I didn't have to go from store to store to find the right size ! 
I bought this after I ordered a black one while the sale was still on This bra fit me so well I had to order more like to stock up on them when you find the style that fits you the best ! 
It fits as described and holds strong even for a top heavy lady like myself ! 
I would recommend this product ! 
The underwire hits a little high in the area under the arm and causes rubbing and discomfort if worn for more than a few hours . 
I really recommend it . 
I like a long scarf , so this really fit the bill . 
Just as pictured and as expected is how this scarg arrived . 
Like it ? 
Buy it ! 
The scarf is lightweight and flexible and long enough to wrap around my head and neck . 
I have a beige one from the same company . 
I hated wearing the rain boots because they were so hard to get off ( no zippers ) . 
This little boot jack is perfect ! 
But , I only wear boots on occasion now - no longer daily - and this simply PVC unit is sturdy , none marking of my boots and just an overall good unit . 
Strain no more with tight boots to pull off ! 
This little angel does the job with little effort ! 
Have had it just a month , but seems to be durable ! 
I wanted a little gift for a friend that had lost her husband . 
Willow Tree makes special items for any occassion . 
Good quality and good price . 
I will be buying more soon . 
Size inconsistencies . 
I ordered two different sizes to try . 
Was able to get the smaller one on , but could barely get the larger up past hips . 
Fabric appeared of high quality , but not very stretchable . 
This is a maxback , but it doesn't fit or act like my durafast suits . 
For your reference , I am 5 ' 2 " 128lbs and I normally wear a 34e cup bra . I purchased this swim suit for swim training and it fits perfectly . 
The cut on the leg was exactly where it should be and the straps are the correct length . 
I ordered this suit based on the fact that I have always loved Tyr suits and on reviews about this suit's stretch and sturdiness . 
I then wanted a red suit , so I ordered another Tyr ( a maxback , but not a durafast ) . 
No comparison . 
The non-durafast suit was still well made , but it was small on me and I felt that I needed a shoe horn to get the suit on . 
I tried ordering in a larger size , but still no joy . 
This suit has been holding up beautifully and I gave up on the non-durafast and ordered a black suit with red trim . 
A fair compromise for the perfect swimsuit.UPDATE . 
This not a perfect suit . 
I rotate my suits , so this suit is used in a sodium-base chlorinated pool 2-3 times a week . 
The fabric is holding up , but it starting to show signs of stretching out . 
The most irritating thing , though , is that the thread used for the top stitching has turned an unfortunate shade of fuschia . 
I don't know if that happens with the other colors , but I would not buy this suit again . 
I had to send this suit back because I ordered the largest size knowing I need space to put my topside but this was mission impossible , not enough stretch for a size 12 ' s needs . 
suit fit fine in the waist and lower section 
It is a very snug fit , but I'm hoping that it will stretch after wearing it a few times . 
I would recommend you don't buy this for anyone with a large noggin or a lot of hair like myself . 
The bill of the hat is too long , like the size of a baseball cap . 
Not feminine like I wanted . 
The only part of the hat that I didn't like is the band that goes around the rim is not adjustable . 
So , in the back it goes way down my head and then bunches up when I move . 
If I could roll it up and it stay , I could adjust it specifically for my head shape . 
I ordered this hat at the perfect time , during a very cold season this year . 
I usually wear L / XL , and I found this hat a little big , which really made no difference . 
My nephew loves this hat . 
He is a college student and walks on campus . 
This is a perfect winter hat for that . 
Highly recommend these to anyone who loves wearing flip flops . 
stupid me bought the wrong size but that is my fault , not Amazon or the products . 
I've been wearing flip flops my whole life and when sanuk married their slippas with yoga mats , and birthed these bad boys , my feet were in heaven . 
The reason I labelled these as durable is because I have a previous pair I bought 5 years ago that I still wear to this day . 
Actually , I bought two pairs for myself , one for backup , and then I bought another two pairs for my dad at the insanely low price . 
The green color goes well with living on the island of Oahu . 
I bought these for my son . 
He loves them ! 
We are a croc wearing family , and my guys said these are every bit as good as crocs . 
Good quality . 
Order next size up as they run small . 
The strap is tight . 
Maybe just needs some time to break in ( the other did not ) . 
These are taller than your average flip flop , but the yoga mat is thick and feels like you're walking around on one of those super plush kitchen mats . 
I can't get enough . 
When I saw these men's flip flops came in a size 6 , I gave them a try and don't regret it ... if you have a wide ( D width ) foot , these will work for you without looking too masculine ... comfiest comfiest too ! 
He fell in love with them . 
I will purchase them again ! 
These are the perfect sandals . 
Seriously , so comfy , and fit perfectly . 
Buy them , I have two pairs . 
The colors are vibrant , slightly better than as shown in photos . 3 . 
You make a difference when you support companies like this ! 4 . 
Order one size larger than you wear . 
These are very casual shoes , but you can wear them all day ! 
Have you ever been to a yoga class and some moves you do on the bare floor because you can't be stable on the mat ? 
That's what these shoes are like . 
They're not supportive or stable , just overly smushy . 
The bottoms are made from yoga mats - very spongy and comfy . 
I wear them on my concrete floors , they are great ! 
These are not your ordinary flip flop ! 
! I have 3 pairs of Sanuk sandal / flip flop type shoes . 
These are my favorite . 
The yoga mat sole actually forms an arch support that no other flip flop I've owned has done . 
The material between the toe was a little annoying the first day or so but again , that loosened up after a bit and is very comfortable now.These shoes have never let me down . 
Next I want to try some of their slip ons and loafers with shearling inside for fall / winter.Sanuk shoes for every season ! 
! 
They're so comfy ! 
I find myself wearing these everywhere . 
Very very comfy . 
I am a size 6 , and ordered a 6 . 
Fit is perfect . 
I wear 9.5 M and since these are not offered in half sizes , I bought size 10 ebony ( black ) . 
Well , they are 11 1/8 inches ( or 28.2 cm ) long , while they are supposed to be 10 1/4 inches long . 
The width is alright , 4 inches.If you are between sizes and / or have low arch you will be better off by going down , not up.They come in a fancy heavy plastic shoe bag that is very unpleasant to touch and they smell bad straight from the box . 
However , I really don't need this bag at all , since the shoes arrived in a carton box . I needed the flip-flops right away , so I started wearing them . 
I even washed them with soap by hand after working in the garden . 
A little short , compared to my Niki flip flops . 
However , I can still wear them . 
I was impressed as to how well these flip flops are made . 
I'm going to buy more of these in lots of colors ! 
Since SODA stopped making its thick-soled flip-flops , these are my new favorite . 
My wife bought these flip flops after receiving great reviews from others wearing them . 
Unfortunately , these were not wide enough . 
I wear these constantly ! 
You will want to wear them every day ! 
I only wore them for a total of about 2 hours , mostly sitting in car , and feel they will not last that long . 
I can feel how much they have worn in in that short of a time . 
i own several of these yoga mat flip flop . 
They run as expected in size and are like walking on air . 
These are so comfy ! 
I love the fit and feel ! 
The strap is made of cloth and a soft leather / cloth combination . 
Honestly once you wear these you'll never go to another Old Navy $ 1 flip flop day . 
I wore them for nearly 3 weeks while backpacking in Europe and my feet did not blister or peel and the lightweight material was great for reducing weight while traveling . 
They are HEAVEN ! 
They fit perfectly , no rubbing , no breaking in . 
The soles of the shoe are PHENOMENAL ! 
So soft and cushioned . 
I live in Arizona , where flip flops can be worn basically ALL year long , so they are a great show , very durable , and I imagine will last a very long time . 
I was so excited about these , I bought a pair for my friend . 
Need I say more ? 
Once you've worn a Sanuk flip flop with yoga mat ( or in the case of the men's shoes , beer cozy ) sole , you'll never want to wear any other brand . 
My daughter , grandkids and all my friends who've come over to the Sanuk flip flop agree . 
The toe post is not stiff or thick . 
The straps are fully padded so they feel soft . 
I have a moderately narrow medium width foot and the straps are perfect . 
The yoga mat bottoms conform to your foot and give cushion , support , and a pretty good arch support . 
One can walk in them all day without getting aching in the arch or other foot areas as happens with flat hard bottom flip flops . 
It's sturdy , fits well - I wear a size 8-8 . 5 and ordered these in the size 8 - and they fit fine . 
I bought these last summer . 
When I put them on for the first time ... Heaven . 
After a few months I was out and got caught in a summer rain storm . 
Since then the flip flops are a little loose . 
I still love them and I still wear them but now I need to tighten my toes a bit when I walk to make sure that they don't come off . 
I have gone through flip flops over the years , trial and error . 
The Sanuk Yoga Mat is one of my all time favorites . 
I bought these last summer after trying them on in a local store that only had them in black . 
I couldn't justify another pair of black flip flops at the time so I left them behind , but literally couldn't stop thinking about them . I finally purchased them from Amazon in Aqua ( so many colors ) and I live in them . 
They are actually made of recycled yoga mats and Sanuk is a very eco-conscious company , which is important to me . 
They arrived in a reusable bag that looked like plastic but was made of non-GMO tapioca root . 
These flip flops are also vegan ( meaning they are not made with any animal products or by-products ) . 
The recycled yoga mat soles are incredibly plush , cushiony , and flexible , with a slighter firmer bottom layer that wears well . 
As with most flip flops , they only have the very slightest arch support , so beware if this is something you require . 
The piece that slips in between your toes is made of a soft canvas-like material that forms to your foot . 
The entire shoe can get wet without damage.The white Sanuk branding on the heel of these flip flops wears off relatively quickly until it totally disappears . 
Just not in my size ! 
I have had problems with flip flops in the past with them not providing enough support these are great . 
I love them and will be wearing them all summer . 
Order one size larger than you wear . 
These are very casual shoes , but you can wear them forever ! 
I am very particular about my flip flops . 
Not only do they need to be super comfortable on my footbed , but the part that goes between my toes has to be barely felt . 
I don't own a lot of flip flops because I find very few that meet this criteria . 
These definitely fit both ! 
Definitely buy these . 
I bought these shoes at Macy's for about $ 80 in June 2010 . 
I ran to Macy's on my way in , tried these on and fell in love . 
Not only that they felt like I was walking on clouds.My favorite part is the design . 
This enables the shoe to fit perfectly whether I am wearing a thin or thick sock . 
When I walk it moves with me . 
It really makes it so comfortable , so you don't have to worry about it tearing up your feet like some dress shoes do.We are 4 months shy of 4 years and I am still wearing them . 
They are starting to show their wear and the inside is starting to rip . 
But I have worn these to work every day for the past 4 years , so what else would I expect ? 
I am sticking with Clark for my future shoe needs . 
Tried to purchase the same style again but couldn't track them down so opted for good old Clarks ! 
years ago , i worked in a dark room at a newspaper . 
the floor was hard and my mother bought me a pair of Clarks . 
I recommend these shoes without hesitation . 
Both issues are exacerbated by the stiffness of the leather , which should soften over time with wear ( at least that is the hope ) . 
Tried to purchase the same style again but couldn't track them down so opted for good old Clarks ! 
I originally ordered them in brown and black for him . 
The black got a big thumbs up but both he and the kiddo declared the brown " butt ugly " and we ended up returning them . 
for the Clark's Senner Dale Oxfords in brown . 
My aunt has hammertoes and to say it is hard to get her a comfortable show is nearly impossible . 
Under $ 50 is a good value 
I returned them and opted for another brand . 
I'll wear a thicker sock and ask will be good ... 
These are very comfortable for wearing around the house . 
They do run a little lose since you do not tie them on and there is no back . 
I found when I wore them one day when I was doing a lot of walking out of the house they did not give me the support I needed and , since I was not wearing socks , the bottoms of my feet were sore from them slipping in them , but that being said , they are still very comfortable . 
I just know if I have a lot of walking to do to wear my tie sneakers . 
These are so easy , though , for slipping on and running the dog out , or hopping in the car to go pick up something at the store . 
They come in a lot of colors and different fabrics , too ( I have the black / patent ) , so there are many choice to fit your wardrobe needs . 
I fluxuate between a 7.5 and 8 ... most of the time I am a 7.5 This time I had to send 7.5 back and order the 8 ... nice and comfy , but almost wonder now if I should have gotten the narrow with the 8 ? 
Get them if you can . 
So I had to send them back , but if you want a showy shoe , this may be the one for you . 
I wore these so much and plan to wear them a lot more . 
These shoes are great , I have a wide foot but would have better off not getting the wide . 
They are really too big and shuffle when I walk . 
I wear a 9 E and ordered 9.5 EE and could not get my foot in them ! 
I am stuck . 
It's okay . 
I may find someone in the family who can fit them . 
Still I have no clogs . 
Instep roomy . 
Good inner sole cushion . 
It's funny - when I was getting out my summer shoes from storage , I discovered that I bought the exact same shoe last year in navy with white soles . 
The green pair , for some reason , fits better ( not as loose ) . 
Cup size seems right . 
There's a gap in the bottom in the middle of the back ( but every body is different ) . 
I do not , however , feel that there is any actually back support . 
That was a big disappointment . 
I have a variety of bra brands and all in the size that I ordered . 
I could not begin to close this bra ! 
She would recommend this to someone of a smaller stature . 
Based on the reviews , I ordered a 44 DD instead of my usual 40DD . 
The fit was snug except for the cup . 
I did re-order to get a 44D which fits fine but there would have been no way I could wear a 40 , which is my size . 
I even measured again according to the chart , so it's NOT true to size . 
! 
I think my title says it all . 
However , the material is really stiff and rough . 
The fit wasn't what I was expecting . 
Guess my body type and this bra just didn't see eye to eye . 
He loves these shoes . 
Wears them all the time . 
Made well . 
Just save your money and get some altamas . 
These are cheap junk made out of stray cats and bubble gum . 
These are not super heavy duty boots but they are nice for the money . 
I bought them for my son to use with a cosplay costume but he loves them and will wear them other times I'm sure . 
I will say ... buy at least 1 , better yet 2 sizes smaller than you wear ! ! ! 
I originally ordered a size 6 ... they were so big they fit my husband who wears a 9 ! 
I also ordered a size 5 just in case and they fit my daughter ( who also loves them ) who normally wears a size 7 - 7 1/2 . 
The company was really great about returns . 
I was expecting these to be a more " tan " color , but they are definitely a darker brown than I consider " tan " . 
That said , I don't hate them , but they're not really what I wanted . 
I guess they are not far off from the picture in shade , but I was expecting them to be closer to a " tan " than they appear , and also didn't expect the glossy appearance . 
Hopefully the more they are broken in the more the leather will get lighter through distress ? 
Now they are ok . 
I will order a size or two smaller next time . 
Arrived in no time at all ! 
My son loves these and had to wear them around the house for the rest of the evening . 
So consider that when you are looking at the cost . 
We intend on buying the size up for the next raining season . 
So he loves putting boats on ! 
The lining came out of place really fast , and the toe part just actually split into an upper and lower part and it is not a case that they were too tight for my son . 
I don't know if they were too old or something . 
I am disappointed at the quality as I anticipated it would have lasted at least a year . 
The four clear zipper compartments make it easy to find and organize my toiletries . 
My son is going away to college this Fall and I think I'll get him one because he is an unorganized mess & this should help ! 
I find it sturdy , and its large capacity allowed me to pack everything I need for a 2 - week trip to Europe . 
No problem ... 
Wonderful that you can hang it anywhere and keep your toiletries handy . 
I also like that the bottom compartment is detachable . 
It is well made . 
I have five now , I believe ! 
They have so many little storage places . 
I really like the weight of them - very light - especially for use when traveling . 
I haven't actually used this bag yet . 
I wanted something for the plane that would hold a lot but not be super heavy . 
I have a canvas bag , but even without anything in it , it is heavy . 
I think this will also " crush " enough to slide under the plane seat . 
The center zip compartment's roomy enough for my large wallet , snacks , mini 1st aid kit , camera , makeup bag , and plenty more . 
It's a matter of how heavy you want it . 
I have to stop buying these now . 
My daughter confimed that , and added - as I surmised - that the scard was very soft . 
Thank you for having so many beautiful things to choose from . 
The scarf is well made no issue with it , it just looks great too . 
I would recommend this to anyone living in a cold environment . 
Gave this as a gift to someone in my family and they loved it . 
So much that I got them in black too ! 
I'm a 7 1/2 normally , I bought a 7 , and they fit perfectly with / without socks . 
I had herd stores about these boots that I would have to get a smaller size . 
I got these uggs for my six year old niece and she just loves them . 
They're Uggs , Dude ... it is a sherling boot , straight forward , with the quality that only money can buy . 
No socks needed . 
This is wear nature is the perfect scientist and man was a pretty good engineer . 
There is no substitute for quality ... NOT WATERPROOF ... but not the point ... 
Yeah , they're ugly . 
They're not cheap in price , but they do last quite a while , so for me it makes more financial sense to buy a pair that lasts versus buying a new pair or pairs of boots that don't and I may or may not like as much . 
That could be due to thicker socks or some other factor totally unrelated to the boot . 
I don't know . 
Nothing like having to buy another pair of Uggs for the last month of winter . 
She loves them . 
Will probably order morewhen it gets colder outside , as it's 100 outside today ! 
I had a pair of these many years ago and worn them down to being soulless , after 10 years . 
These were good pants and kept the wind at bay ( I live in a super windy area ) . 
However , after a few uses , the stitching on the side pocket started coming undone ( I only wore them over my workout pants when I'd walk to and from the gym ) . 
Eventually after a week or two , I had a massive hole by my pocket . 
These are my favorites to layer with leggings . 
They wear like you've worn them for years . 
I would recommend these to anyone who wears briefs . 
I purchased four of these yesterday locally and apparently any quality issues that were cited in reviews here have been resolved . 
The stitching is heavy duty , and the seams for the fly front are very well made . 
What I mean by that is some brands claim Medium ( my size ) , but they are either too tight or slightly loose . 
More importantly , there is no premature fraying that plague other brands that I have tried.Bottom line : no complaints about quality from me . 
It's very sturdy , as is the chain , and while it's not a handmade piece , it is still a lovely necklace and could be worn with casual or dressy clothing . 
From fall to spring , I pretty much live in boots . 
I've tried every kind of cream and polish and finally tried the Lincoln . 
My Danner's were covered in salt and chemicals . 
I cleaned them up and applied the Lincoln Stain wax and after two applications , they shine like new . 
Now a word of caution . 
If this is not acceptable to you , get the neutral . 
It will make the job much easier and you will get better results . 
If you don't happen to have one handy , no problem , but it does help.All I use for all my footwear is lincoln now 
The wax was already cracked and in pieces inside of the container . 
I am not sure if it was from amazon shipping or from ups . 
Hands down my favorite black shoe polish . 
Not quite the absorbent soft cotton I was hoping for but this will do the job in most cases . 
Color and pattern are as shown . 
Very good buy for the price . 
I really was pleased with the two bandanas I ordered except that the camo print is only on one side . 
As I had planned on using the bandanas for cleaning my BB and pellet guns I realized that the unprinted side would do very well as a place to place parts when field stripping a pistol or rifle ( except for the large parts such as the barrel ) . 
I've bought cheap paisley bandanas in various local stores for half my life , over 20 years . 
I wear them and wash them , and wash them and wear them , for years , until they're threadbare and finally get holes in them ( unless I lose them first . ) 
I had to get a solid black one to wear at my new job and couldn't find one in any local stores , where they have paisley and other patterns and colors , selling for a dollar a piece . 
And for another , I wore it one week , just washed it today , and it's already fraying . 
You've got a lot of nerve selling this crap for three dollars ; it's not even worth three cents ! 
6 ' 2 , 190lbs 34 waist and inseam . 
This suit the legs and arms are 4 " short , tight around the waist . 
The zippers on the legs only go the knee . 
I'm not the type of girl that would carry a purse , but after miss placing my phone wallet and key every other day . 
My husband found this bag . I really like it ! Some others have stated it is ' Small ' . 
Perfect for me ! I am going to order a 2nd one for a garden bag . 
it carried my husbands and mine ammo with no issues . 
It makes it easier to have and less to carry , since you are already carrying enough for anyone who has been hunting . 
Perfect size and woudl recommend 
One large compartment with two small compartments on the outside.Material is heavy . 
I was looking for a more masculine way to lug around my baby boy's diapers and wipes . 
Enough room for a pack of wipes and a stack for pampers . 
I bought a smaller Rothco bag for carrying around my Kindle Fire 7 HD . 
My only problem is the bag is so " freeform " nothing really sits well in it . 
Like a baby duffle bag or something . 
And the top is not super secure unless the bag is full . 
Good little bag , fabric feels a little light weight but it should work well for a range bag or just to carry ammo . 
Was very disappointed . 
You really cannot beat the price for this . 
It is a sturdy bag that was about the size I expected it to be . 
I would recommend this to anyone who doesn't need an overly large bag , and wants something sturdy for the outdoors . 
We shoved cd's stickers , and other merch in there and walked around Austin during SXSW . 
Totally works for us . 
I will use it for my muzzleloader bag to hold all my gear when hunting . 
I bought this to wear while pregnant , as I've outgrown my wedding set . 
I couldn't be happier . 
My husband liked this tie . 
it looked good on him and the material felt nice . 
Would recommend it to another 
Got it for son and he loves it . 
It goes perfect with his white suit . 
Very stylish ! 
He loves it and so do I . 
5 stars . 
I truly do not know what I was expecting , but I was hoping that it would be of better quality . 
Tag less is kind of a standard now but still worth mentioning that this product has this feature . 
Seems very well made . 
I've learned that companies make varying degrees of quality . 
And UnderMoments must get the lowest quality ! 
After washing twice these are still the most bumpy , itchy , horrible feeling tshirts I have ever felt ! Walmart gets poor quality too ... matter of fact I learned while working there that even their lawn mowers are made more cheaply with a few less coats of paint ! Anyways ... I was HOPING that ordering them on Amazon I would get a higher quality Hanes shirt . 
Nope . 
After a bunch of washes , they seem to be holding up alright . 
They are slightly scratchy in feel but it doesn't really bother me once they are on . 
My son loves the cut and how soft shirts are . 
Not expensive . 
Fast Shipping . 
No tags ! 
It is just what was needed , good for sleeping and for wearing as an undershirt . 
I needed new undershirts and I obviously went with the v-neck because I don't work in IT . 
Michael Jordan has been suggesting Hanes shirts are soft through moderate-to-poorly acted one-liners in commercials for years , so I gave these a shot . 
To be fair , the most recent commercial compares the shirts to a shirt made of kittens , which actually does not sound very comfortable . I was not terribly impressed by the softness of these shirts . 
They soften up a bit with a couple of washes , but at this price point you can buy CK undershirts at Marshall's that look identical but are much softer . 
That said , these shirts are completely fine . 
Bought this twice - Once in infant size and then for my one year old toddler . 
Got the 12 month size for my 10 month old who is 35th percentile in weight and 45th percentile in length , and it fit exactly , a bit on the snug side . 
My daughter is 14 months old and I believe that this swim diaper will fit for the rest of the summer but if I had gotten a size 12 months when I first ordered it , it would have been too small . 
I bought a size 18 months which fits . 
I wish the snaps on the side weren't plastic because it makes me suspicious of their durability . 
My son has room to grow in this . 
I'm glad cause I bought it big . 
I would recommend to others . 
The one that I have had for about 3 years has finally stretched out too much , but I got a couple years of use out of it ( with a LOT of time in the chlorine of the pool ) . 
This is so much cheaper than buying the overpriced disposable swim diapers , and I feel much better about reusing this instead of throwing away the disposables . 
( Especially for twin moms like me ! ) 
My son is 2.5 and weighs 34 # . 
It's hard to get these buttoned . 
I would recommend putting swimming trunks over it so it doesn't look so much like a white diaper . 
I really love this swim diaper for my 11 month old . 
I had some Finis swim diapers for my 2 year old son last year , but they were too narrow in the crotch for my ( bigger ) baby girl this summer so I ordered these and they are perfect . 
I would recommend these over the Finis because of the width of the crotch and side snaps . 
When you have a poopy swim diaper , it is easier to have the snaps to remove rather than pulling it down . 
The elastic is snug , but not too tight , just perfect to hold in messes . 
I took the advice and ordered up to 18 months and that fits her well . 
They fit well . 
I like how it looks on my girlfriend , but she claims it is a little tight . 
Not super long but just right for boots . 
I have worn these leg warmers with riding boots most of the winter . 
My 17 year old loves them ... and I do as well . 
They do not stretch out , which is rare for leg warmers . 
Bottom is narrower . 
They are just the slouchy thing I remember from college in the 1980 ' s . 
Nice leg warmer to wear inside my boots on those cold winter days . 
The picture you see of this leg warmer is exactly as shown , it does not fit snug and is a bit loose , which is fine . 
I bought these to wear with my boots and leggings . 
They are nice when its really cold out to add another layer for warmth . 
These shoes in an 11.5 fit fine and they were not narrow on him at all , but they bothered the inside of his feet near the ankles , like something was rubbing uncomfortably against them . 
! 
I have problem feet . 
I got adventuresome this time and ordered the Grey color . 
Subtle , not dark . 
Classy . 
I have a 9.5 D foot , and the 9.5 D Sneaker fits just as I would expect . 
I use them for casual outdoor activities . 
I have enough support to feel comfortable , there is good traction , and they breathe . 
Exactly what I was looking for . 
I wear them every day . 
I am on my third set . 
I am a diabetic and you need to replace your shoes every year . 
When they wear out very much my feet start to burn and become painful . 
The first pair we ordered had a difference in sizing , but thanks to Amazon's Prime return policy , we shipped it back at no cost to us and they had already sent us a replacement meanwhile.He says they are comfortable , easy to put on and off , and I don't think he has worn any ofhis other shoes since I gave him these for Christmas a month ago.That ' s the review I was hoping for from him . 
. 
. 
Disappointed with NB . 
I ordered a 7 4E ( wide ) but these fit like a 7 narrow . 
Back they went , thank goodness Amazon pays for return shipping . 
FYI NB customer service is not as good as they used to be when dealing with a warranty problem . 
NB wants you to go to their web site and order shoes direct from them . 
However , the shoes are cheaper on Amazon . 
I am big chested and can be uncomfortable when trying to sleep on side . 
Plus it made me feel more secure and less loosy goosy . 
I recently got a short , " sassy " haircut and wanted a choker that would accentuate it and draw attention to my neck . 
This was the best fit for what I was looking for . 
It is soft , adjustable ( By about an inch via " snaps " ) and attractive and I have had many compliments on it already . 
Looks great with a flirty dress or even a t-shirt and jeans to add a little something . 
I couldn't be happier with my purchase and I've been wearing it almost constantly since I received it ! 
This choker looks very sexy on the wife and goes well with just about anything she wears , at least in the bedroom ! 
These are nice shorts - they are cheaper in price so do expect them to be made a bit more cheaply you get what you pay for . 
That being said they are what I expected nice , comfy casual shorts . 
A tad larger than expect but not to the point I cant wear them and more than likely will be fine after some washed . 
Overall I do like them and would order more of different colors 
just perfect in feel and stretchiness . 
No pockets needed for active sport and the string waistband is as it is supposed to be . 
I will wear these around the house instead of a robe . 
i'm simple . 
like simple things . 
sit in wheelchair all day , and have had no complaints using them . 
Lots of space ! 
Not for Laptop backpack . 
Perfect for college books ! 
Exactly what I was looking for as a work bag . 
Well made and lightweight and perfect size . 
I apply a very low price promotion are excited to buy . 
The original Orange Monster ! 
What can one say but that this watch is the standard in collectible and affordable auto divers . 
This one along with the Black Monster are staples in any diver collection . 
This is a real dive watch and it is an every day wear as well . 
The Monster is high quality with fine detail / fit / finish and for the price there is nothing better on the market.You cannot go wrong . 
If you like the bold orange dial go for it ... if you want more laid back and casual go with the black dial ... or do like most and get both ! 
For the cost of these classic watches you cannot help but collect them . 
But I returned them because they were not narrow enough . 
I live in the country and need a stronger shoe ( like my old NB ) but I think these would be fine in a more urban or suburban setting . 
I buy a new pair every 9 months . 
I would not run in them nor rely upon them for a job requiring long standing hours . 
However , I would wear them for shopping , doing chores , or going to casual parties . 
I've had several pairs of these before and the size 5 ' s are exactly perfect for me . 
I'll be back for more ! 
I wear shoes as little as possible , at least closed shoes . 
Perfect for walking , shopping , anything or any place a casual shoe is needed . 
Needed to give a review to help others with ' hard to fit feet ' ! ! ! 
I kept on wearing an old pair similar to these because I have tough time finding shoes like this ! ! ! 
( I need an 11 W ) There are times when I get so frustrated , wearing the shoe box would be easier ! ! ! 
LOL ! 
I wore them for about 4 to f days and then quickly came back to get another pair ! ! 
Same great fit ! ! 
! The one hope I have now , it that they keep making this exact shoe and DO NOT DISCONTINUE IT ! ! ! 
I've had that happen a lot ! ! 
! By the way , I threw 2 old pairs away , that's how much I like these , wear them every day so far ! ! Ok . 
that's it , try it ! ! ! 
=: o ) 
These are the only shoes I purchase ... 
I have most colors now ... because it is hard for me to put on shoes these are perfect for me .. 
I am a diabetic and have no problems with my feet from them ... 
I also wear them around the house as slippers 
Got these for my mother and she loves them . 
I cannot believe how lightweight they are ; almost like air . 
Again , I love the weight . 
I really like this shoe , fits great and looks good . 
I have over 40 pairs of shoes , but these are the most comfortable . 
Are they pretty or trendy ? 
I ordered larger than I wear because I require an orthotic or insert . 
Feel good . I did add an insert and they went from too big to just right.Wanted something casual and easy to slip on and off for summer.These fit the bill.Don ' t forget ' toe toppers ' or ' half socks ' :) 
I bought these shoes for walking at work thinking I could just slip into them without ties to fuss with . 
But they have no arch support , the soles are flat and very uncomfortable to walk in . 
In addition they don't really fit , they flop with every step like flip flops , not secure at all . 
I don't like the way they look either . 
They have this quilted fabric that looks like bedroom slippers to me . 
I don't really see the point of these shoes . 
This is my third pair of these shoes and I really love them ! 
they in turn seem to love my feet ! 
I can virtually " shop til I drop " in these . 
You will not regret it . 
I ordered a half size larger than I normally wear and wish I hadn't but very pleased with my winter sox makes them pretty close to perfect . 
I need to wear shoes in the house because we have Saltillo tile and its unevenness is hard on bare feet . 
I was looking for a shoe with a little arch but slip on style . 
They have the right amount of support but lightweight also . 
Those were great too and I believe a bit easier to walk in . 
It feels like air on your foot . 
I recently got an new part time job and these shoes are perfect for it ! 
If you're on your feet for 8 hours , these are great ! 
I recommend these shoes if you are looking for a very cute and comfy shoe . 
I like the slight lift in the heel and they don't totally scream tennis shoe ! 
One of my favorite shoes . 
I have bought these too many times to count ! 
Bought these to wear on my tile floors to give a bit of support . 
Enough support to do heavy work around the house , even moving boxes and furniture . 
I wear them constantly . 
I have them in black and khaki , and just keep reordering them whenever they eventually disintegrate . 
Totally recommend these . 
I ordered these based on the size of my old Dockers , but these are a little different . 1 . 
Either my old pants have been altered , doesn't look it but is a possibility , or Dockers have gone with the minimum amount that can be considered a 54 . 
Old Dockers came with an inner hook or button for more strength and security in their fastening.Color ( Black ) good , material good ... but Today is their first day . 
We'll see if these hold up over time . 
However I did sent these back because they were too big . 
I bought 48 and 46 . 
I rate five stars because returning them was a piece of pie . 
Or is that a slice cake ? 
Everything was included , all I had to do was mark the reason , ie : too big , seal them up in the box and put the pre-addressed lable on the box and UPS was there the next day to pick it up . 
That is the way to do business . 
Well done . 
Unfortunately , after about 5 or 6 hourlong rides and two washes , tiny holes developed along and next to the seams in the seat . 
I have to throw these out since the holes will only get worse with wear or washes and since they're not repairable due to the fabric and fit of the tights . 
Just a lack of quality , I guess . 
I'm disappointed and am returning the second pair I bought . 
We plan to return them , the waistband is really odd and teenagers and elastic waist like this just is not fashionable enough , even at the barn . 
These riding pants were very stretchy and nice and long . 
The size ( 30 ) seemed right for my size 8-10 curvy body , but the seam with the pocket was badly sewn and bulged outwards on the hip . 
I'm returning them . 
I normally wear a 10 or 12 . 
I ordered a size bigger since they look like a juniors cut . 
my hubby loves these flip flops from skechers . 
they are perfect my husband loves them ! 
thank you 
I was looking for a dainty and simple bracelet for my granddaughter and this one is perfect . 
The 7 " size makes it a perfect fit , too . 
I couldn't be happier with this purchase ! 
Very goodVery suitableAdmired by manyGood sizeGorgeous and beautifulThere is no difference from the pictureVery nice 
More for a 0-3 not 0-6 . 
At least she didn't kick them off ! 
Fits just right and my daughter loves the colors . 
Socks are very thick and good quality and a good price . 
I , for one , have been wearing Sperry's for a decade and rarely set foot on a boat ... hmmm ) . 
Just remember to get a size down since you probably won't be wearing socks with your Sperry's . 
And Fusion Apparel delivered me mediums , not wides as I had ordered , but I did not want to go through the hassle of a return because I needed them immediately ... to get on a boat ! 
I imagine they will stretch out , but careful when ordering from Fusion Apparel ... sorry FA , but you messed up . 
So , I actually have to take time to put them on rather than just sliding into them ... oh well . 
Many new shoes have a break - in period , but these Sperry top-siders were instantly comfortable ( most likely due to the cushion insert in the foot-bed and the sole construction . 
the sole is thicker than the standard boat shoe , and is better suited for walking on hard surfaces all day . 
time will tell about their longevity but my initial review is that they are excellent shoes , suitable for business casual , with jeans , or shorts . 
Made from leather , I expect to get my money's worth from this shoe . 
I bought these for my son and he loves them . 
They may seem a little bit stiff but I think it's because they are leather but they break in relatively well if you go through a day or two of minor very discomfort . 
It seems to be better for the long run considering they aren't cheap . 
Maybe because this is my second pair I am thinking ahead about how they wear over time . 
What I bought the first time I ordered is a half size smaller than what I usually wear , I did the same this time around too . 
Because they are real leather , as they wear they get loose so I like a snug fit for when they break in so when they get older they won't look sloppy . I am a flat footed and wide footed solid 10 any other time but I always get the 9.5 and a year later after wearing them most days of the week that entire time , day fit pretty sloppy . 
Couldn't imagine how crappy they'd fit had I gone with a 10 . 
My right foot is bigger in some places than my left so in all actuality the only minor discomfort I had even from buying a size down as I let these break in is actually only my right foot , not even my left even though it is still a true 10 , as well . 
I don't have disposable income for everything , so strategic planning has worked for me thus far for sizing these . 
These are good for everything and anywhere . 
constantly ordering new shoes . 
these , by far , are my favorite . 
I ordered a 1/2 size smaller then id normally buy . 
I got the darker tan and they fit perfect and I have gotten a lot of compliments ! 
I wear a 7.5 and they fit snug and comfortable , just the right size . 
Would recommend 
I never thought I could wear Sperry shoes because my foot is wide . 
The go with just about any outfit year around . 
I live in NH and we frequently get snow and ice . 
I walk the dog before going to work , and I have a need to go back upstairs to get her KONG and make coffee in my travel mug . 
Problem solved ! 
I wear a size 6 women's boot and while I have plenty of room in these , I am concerned about my husband putting these on his 10.5 shoes . 
I ended up also buying a size XL and I'm quite glad that I did so that we're both able to run upstairs if we forget something.Oh , and since I'm putting them on for mere minutes , I am able to reuse these a few times to get extra mileage out of them . 
( well dont seam like they would ) Just so you know : I am a Realtor in the Boise Idaho market we do not get much rain . A great product for the use I have at a great price . 
Thank you A + + 
I bought these to put over my bare feet at the airport . 
We keep these at the door and if we have contractors in the house ask them to cover their shoes . 
It fits just about all shoes , there was one person who had a size 11 men and it was a tight fit but it stil fit . 
These booties are the worst piece of junk that I have ever seen , they split before one can barely put them on over their shoes.This was really a waste of my money and this was my second order . I never received the first one or got my money back from that first order . I will never order anything else from this cheesy company . I rate them a half star . 
But the sizes run small . 
I am usually a 7 but had to return the size 7 for an 8 . 
The 8 ' s fit wonderful and they are so comfortable . 
Only replaced them because I lost them when traveling cross country ! 
I wear a size 7 So I bought a size 9 & they still was to small So I will be returning them . 
They are very pretty I wish they had fit :( 
I wore them all day while shopping , right out of the box and no soreness or blisters anywhere . 
I would give these 5 stars but their sizing is off . 
However , because of all the great people who gave reviews warned about it and said to order a size larger than you wear and I did , they fit perfectly . 
I have high arches so it is extremely difficult to find any shoe that gives support , I can happily say these do . 
They are like walking on pillows . 
The material between the toes is soft there's no rubbing at all . 
It's quite the opposite , I didn't have to tighten my toes , and walked just like I was wearing enclosed shoes . 
Just remember if you buy , order one size up ( if you wear a half size then you will be okay by just going with the next nearest whole size , e . g . 
8 1/2 would order a 9 ) . 
Fit me the way I like , slightly big . 
I do not like my toes or heels to hang over , and they don't . One drawback . 
Super comfy , super cute and I just love them , I can wear them with everything lol I'm so glad I got them ! 
! m 
I wear a size 10 , and these are the exact length of my foot , so there's not much room . 
This isn't necessarily a bad thing , but something to consider.Personally , I think that these are slightly overpriced for what they are , but much like anything else , you're paying for the brand name rather than quality . I've also noticed that the material is rubbing off on the bottom of my foot giving me black heels.Overall , they're good flip flops that should last a long time . 
The straps are more narrow as is the footbed so they are more like a sandal in appearance . 
I ordered a new pair of black ones and they are too small . 
I don't know why Reef changed the sizing , but I am unhappy . 
I think a size 6 would be too big , so I am not risking ordering them online . 
The straps on these are material and I ended up with a blister at the strap after wearing them twice . 
Don't think the shoe is the problem though but there is a reason I usually do not wear flip flops . 
I didn't realize how much support this simple sandal would provide to my feet but it was a godsend when I happened to take them with me ( brand new ) on a trip . 
Too much walking caused my feet to swell out of my shoes so began using the sandals . 
I really needed the foot support for my aching feet . 
Great price for a great fit and nice looking light weight sandal . 
I've had these over a year now and am just getting around to writing a review , but I have to say that I really love them . 
If these ever do wear out , I'll be buying them again immediately . 
These flip flops are so cute ! ! ! 
I am a size 5.5 and the six is a perfect fit . 
It has a very bright illumination on the hour marks , the hands , and the dot at the top of the bezel . 
It's finished with a combination of polished and brushed accents . 
The bezel spins purposely and feel very sturdy , with soft clicks . 
The pins are held in by some kind of cap and if you're not familiar with it , you'll break it or your tool . 
Maybe not the best looking piece , but really nice for fast food service industry id say . 
Ive since upgraded to a squale 20 atmos . 
Good product clear views . 
They are perfect for driving . 
I sue them all them time rain or shine . 
you could see clearly 
Complete waste of money . 
They are great for everyday wear or boating and even hiking . 
They are smaller than 7.5 . 
But the leather of these J - 41 Women's kyoto are stiff and hurts very much . 
It's also good looking , goes with skirts pants and jeans . 
Note it is not leather , had I known earlier I wouldn't have ordered it since I only wear leather to allow the shoe to conform to my feet . 
I have so many watches that become dust collectors once they need a battery replacement . 
I won't have that problem with the Eco-drive watch . 
The numbers are very hard to discern in a dark room even when fully charged , however , it does emit a nice glow . 
I haven't had any skin sensitivities like I usually do with cheap watches . 
It does need recharging every 6 months . 
All this means is that you need to place the watch in bright sunlight or artificial light for 24-48 hours to recharge the solar batteries . 
I  ve gotten rid of all my other battery driven watches , saving money and hassle in the long run . 
I had quality control issues on my last Citizen . 
Thought maybe it was a fluke and gave them another try . 
This one looks great for casual attire , but the crown has already stopped threading back into place . 
Not worth the effort to try and repair . 
I'm done with Citizen . 
This is everything I wanted in a watch . 
The Eco-Drive is an accurate movement which never needs batteries , the Chronograph ( stopwatch ) feature is the ONLY extra feature I get much use of in a watch , and the stainless steel case / water resistance to 100m means I can wear it every day without worrying that I'll wreck it.Some notes on the watch . 
The second hand is NOT the red sweep hand pointing at 12:00 ; that's the stopwatch hand . 
The second hand is the small dial at 6:00 , which takes about 30 seconds to get used to . 
The band is more of a true olive green ( like military duffel bags ) than the deep green pictured . 
And finally , the ' holes ' for the buckle have grommets around them , which means they are farther apart than on a leather band , and while fit is not difficult even with this feature , it's worth noting . 
The watch is easy to set . 
The date is a number only , so when months pass that have 30 days or less , you have to advance it manually.As is , it's a great military field style watch . 
It looks both rugged and dressy . 
I'm thrilled.For tips on replacing watch bands , this is a great resource - I did mine with a knife in about 5 minutes . 
[ ... ] 
Nice watch , but too small for me to really want to wear it . 
I really like the watch . 
The band looks ugly in the pictures but is actually really nice . 
good looking watch . 
very very good ! 
perfect quality ! 
same as described ! 
i like it very much ! 
very beautiful and cool ! 
thank you 
I'm glad this watch has a perpetual calendar , because it is dang hard to set the first time . 
I finally got it set . 
As long as it never stops I think I'll be okay . 
But seriously , if I ever buy another watch with this many complications , I'll get one of those watches that sets itself from radio signals . 
A not too busy version of a Citizen Chronograph . 
My new watch came with the date off so i had too re-set it . 
The problem is the Directions are out-dated for older Citizen watches , and had to go online to learn pulling the Crown All the way out , and hitting the A button is the way to get to Date settings , and rotating the Crown changes the date . 
LOL 
This watch is great , inexpensive and flash looking . 
When I bought it , I added a replacement watch band to my shopping cart because I just * knew * I wouldn't like the band on this watch . 
Like some people already stated , the band is a bit stiff when putting on the watch , but once it is on it's very comfortable . 
The dial has an expensive look to it . 
It is large without being oversize , and doesn't have those ridiculous knobs and bells and whistles that " prestige " men's watches often feature . 
The band is sturdy . 
In the 48 hours I have had it , it has kept time accurate to the second . 
So far , so good ! 
I purchased this from Amazon for about $ 84 recently . 
I was looking for a basic , grab-and-go watch that didn't need a lot of maintenance . 
This is a very basic watch thus much less messing around.Pros : * * Eco-Drive , it's going to run for a long while . 
No offset for me.Cons : * * The green strap is complete junk . 
I replaced it will a black leather band . 
* * Small ... reminds me of a Timex metal field watch in size and weight . 
I got it for christmas and it quickly became my favorite watch . 
Really , my only complaint is the band - I really didn't like it . 
I picked up an 18mm leather band for about 12 bucks and it's 100 times better . 
Swapping out the band took about 5 minutes and no tools ( with a little fanangling , I was able to pop the old bars out with my fingernails ) . Of course , if you are looking for a watch with a bunch of bells and whistles , this isn't for you . 
It is pretty basic - it just tells time and has the day and date . 
This is just what I wanted in a watch : simple , clean , easy to read , not too big . 
But the watch arrived and the case is polished stainless with a mirror finish . 
That's not ideal but it's still a nice watch that I'll wear regularly . I replaced the band immediately with a black leather strap which I think is much nicer : http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B00024WC7S/ref=oh_details_o01_s00_i04?ie=UTF8=1You'll also probably want a watch band replacement tool if you don't have one and want to do that job yourself : http://www.amazon.com/SE-Spring-Bar-Tool-5in/dp/B005ZEWGSA/ref=sr_1_1?s=watches=UTF8=1396286216=1-1=watch+band+replacement+tool 
My husband purchased this watch after seeing a commercial for the " eco-drive " on tv . 
He likes the flexible band and how the watch keeps time . 
He purchased another Citizen Eco-Drive watch ( for more dressy occasions ) after wearing this one for a while . 
This was a big disappointment . 
The crown was so small that it was very difficult to set the time . 
The back of the watch was not flat and it did not sit properly on the wrist . 
I returned it and replaced it with the Seiko Solar dive watch , which I love . 
I like this watch a lot . 
the styling is great for dress or casual wear . 
Goes very well with anything from casual wear to suits . I'm very satisfied.After wearing constantly for a few months , the watch shows no signs of wear and tear . 
Too small and hard to read for me and the crown is small and hard to set . 
I do not recommend , would not buy again and I hope this helps . 
Great looking dress watch . 
I wear this watch everyday , for everything . 
I have to say up front I didn't buy this on Amazon , but I wanted to give it a review here anyway , as I like it so much . 
So it was a little less expensive than you see here ( $ 250 vs . $ 276 ) . 
In fact I think it's worth much more . 
This watch is heavy , big , thick , simple and has no stopwatch , no alarm , no nothing special really . 
But it does one thing really , really well . 
I have worn this diving , during adventure races , fishing , hiking , rock climbing , hunting , doing military PT , including running " O " courses . 
It has never failed me . 
It looks great in any attire , people ask me about it all the time . 
I rarely take it off and hope to have it for the next 20 + years . 
Loved this dress for our Prohibition party . 
Got a lot of compliments on how cute it was . 
I usually wear size Large .. I'm 5 ' 9 150lb . 
The strings do come loose but I'm only wearing it once . 
The price was right and delivery was quick 
Not high end but it gets the job done . 
It won't stay in place while you try to apply the necessary force to unscrew . 
It slips and slides around and you are constantly readjusting it back to the size required . 
In the end , I gave up and took it to a jeweler who removed it within seconds . 
At the price its more than worth it . 
This is a medium sized ( it's listed as Large ) backpack that is simple andwithout frills . 
It is really delicate and looks nice on too 
I order ankle bracelet 4 years ago from Gem Avenue and it just brook . 
I never took it off and silver color never faded away . 
I wear a size 7 and 9 ' ankle bracelet fits me perfect . 
So I came back to amazon to re order same one . 
Item was shipped within 6 days and already using it . 
I read reviews before I ordered . 
They said it sparkled , etc . 
When I saw it I knew they were telling the truth . 
This is a beautiful little anklet that is sturdy and sparkles and shines ! 
After the 3rd time , I decided to try the 22 " and it is just right . 
It is very high quality and the design is so different from other chains I have looked at . 
even though I like a longer chain , this is just right , and I would highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a chain that will get compliments . 
The tee shirt is really too long for my husband to wear anywhere . 
I wear a lot of wolf shirts and this is at the top of the list ! 
! 
I wear a 36 " waist which is a the small end for these pants . 
With the side tabs cinched all the way the fit . 
I wear a belt as the sides do not stay with activity . 
I would recommend this product . 
I love camo pants because of the heavy , durable material they're made of . 
Really well made pants . 
Good for teenagers playing air soft and survivalists , I guess . 
Digital BDU pattern hmmm .. Well it fit so the sizing chart was correct and it arrived on time . 
The price was good . 
What more can I say 
I do not worry about slipping like my old shoes . 
I want more . 
They are very pretty . 
I have another pair in black that I've had for awhile . 
So unique . 
I'd recommend these to any one . 
It gives you a little room to surround your foot so it's not slipping off the sides . 
I could live in them all summer long ! 
I even hike in them ! 
I love them there comfortable and easy to wear would buy more if I found cute ones I would recommend them to anyone who wants comfortable sandals . 
You have to wear them a while to break into them , but other than that they're pretty good . 
Just didn't quite fit me right . 
They are attractive , and would probably work for someone else , but they aren't as easy to slip on as I'd hoped . 
We would recommend and would purchase again . 
Such a soft and cushy sole ! 
I wore these all summer last year and my heels never cracked ! 
I wish I could rate them 100 stars ! ! ! 
! The one weird thing : They are a kind of odd textured foot bed and I wore them to the beach once when they were pretty new and sand got almost like rubbed into the foot bed . 
After a few wearings it all came out . 
Kinda weird . 
Never happened again . 
And didn't effect the wearing as far as I can tell . I bought the brown last year . 
Ill be getting the black this year :) Fits true to size . 
Took one wearing or so to stretch them into the perfect shape . 
I wanted flip flops that had a hard sole so I would stop slipping when it was wet . 
This style of Teva has been a favorite of mine for about 6 years now , my last pair were starting to wear thin , so it was time to get some new ones , ( they tend to last me about 12-18 months with regular warm-weather wear . ) 
I usually get black but this time I went with the Blue / Pink design . 
I sort of wish I had stuck with black , but they are cute.Honestly , I just don't know how you can go wrong with Teva's strappy flip flops . 
They are great for a skirt , jeans , dress , shorts , just about any Spring or Summer outfit . 
They are cushy and leave interesting tan marks ... 
In my experience they don't tend to start stinking like some sandals , but they also have held up a to a few soapy scrubs when they got something slimy on them . 
I order several in different colors , I wore them all day at Dollywood and my feet never hurt me . 
I had bought my first pair in a local store and loved they , I looked on Amazon and found more colors and have order all colors but 2 and have they in my cart . 
This flip flop is the most comfortable , most durable you can buy in my opinion . 
I buy these for my wife and I have to basically buy a new one to get her to stop wearing the old one . 
Not because they look bad , but she deserves something nice every now and then and this is it.She loves wearing these . 
I bet she could run a race in these baby's . 
These are pretty neat sandals . 
Only thing I'm not wild about is the piece between the toes . 
It's a bit uncomfortable , but seems to be getting a little less irritating the more I wear these , so I think that it will soften up and be more comfortable over time . 
The rest of the straps do not irritate at all . 
I think these are very cute little strappy sandals , and would give them five stars if not for that piece between the toes . 
These are as comfortable as a flip flop can be , with arch support and verycushioned foot bed . 
Colors are pretty too . 
I could walk MILES in these flip flops ; can't say the same for many others . 
I usually wear an 8.5 , but ordered 8s and they fit perfectly . 
I'm going to have to invest in many more ! 
. 
. 
not really.For flip flops they are quite okay . 
I was expecting to really like them - but my love of Teva doesn't overcome my dislike for flip flops . 
They are a lot dressier than regular flip flops ( on the continuum of dressy they are really only dressy compared to other flip flops ) , and only marginally more comfortable . 
You can very easily wear these for casual or even with an outfit that may be a little more dressy . 
Very versatile ! 
I lost a pair in Ecuador and ordered a new pair the minute I got home . 
I wear them every day in the summer and my feet never get tired . 
This type of moccasin used to be a favorite of mine . 
The style of the boot has changed . 
Wore these in high school . 
I have been looking for over 30 years for these and am delighted to find them at a reasonable price . 
Fit is wonderful . 
exactly as described ! 
It's a great shoe polish , what else is there to say ? 
Unfortunately , when I got the tin it was dented and the polish brick had cracked which made it particularly messy to use because little pieces would crumble off and fly everywhere . 
You definitely want to put some newspaper down and maybe WEAR the shoes you're polishing so you have a hand free to contain the mess.That said , this stuff gets the job done . 
The instructions on the tin are spot on and helped me get my new leather boots up to a nice , high-shine ( aka spray some water on shoe after you let the polish layer dry and then buff like crazy ) . 
You can get the same thing at the grocery store . 
About the same price I believe . 
Classic brand . 
Kiwi polish is good polish . 
The larger cans are a better buy . 
I'm just getting into oxfords and I'm using Kiwi right now but I'm not really thrilled with the results . 
I'm going to try something else next . 
I could just be doing it wrong but I don't think so . 
These Klogs didn't quite fit , rubbed on the top of my feet , and were heavier than I like . 
I just sent them back . 
Compared to Quarks , they are heavy . 
Love my new Sherpa bag , aptly named because I do not pack light . 
I ned several medications , the case for those goes right in the bag . 
I really wish it had a strap across the back to slip it over the handle of a rolling bag . 
The back has nothing on it so it could have been done . 
He gets about a year of wear out of two pairs , one brown , one black . 
They offer great support and he really likes them . 
Not too dressy but perfect for the office . 
You can dress this shoe up or down . 
You can get away with it at work if you're not looking for boardroom style . 
Had another pair of these shoes that I outgrew a couple years back . 
I bought a " black " pair of these shoes at Nordstrum where they are 30 % more expensive , and I found this pair to be comfortable from the start . I bought a brown pair of this same shoe through Amazon at the cheaper price and found them to be uncomfortable because their inner sole insert was irregular and not flat . 
I returned them to Amazon . 
I'm wearing these all the time , since I received them a week ago . 
I'll see how they wear in the future . 
Good price is under $ 80 . 
I've had the exact shoes and wore them out . 
I bought this shoe for my dad . 
He has worn them for years and just loves them . 
They came fast and as expected . 
Rockports , do you have to say anything else , if you know shoes and are on your feet a lot these are the shoes you want . 
Not quite as good as the pro walkers I remember from the past . 
These seem flimsier with much less attention to design . 
My husband really likes these shoes . 
Having owned Rockports for dress I was hoping the sneaker version would be of the same quality--trust me--they are . 
These have quickly become my favorite sneaker . 
This pair replaced a similar pair worn out from several years of use . 
One reason I have stuck to Rockport is the comfort and support . 
Came quickly-nice plain show-that comes in wide-my husband likes them . 
He threw away his old ones when he pulled them out of the box 
I bought these to replace similar ones that had worn out . 
There has been no breaking in period . 
The crease that has developed over the toes is painful . 
My toes feel pushed forward due to the . 
Tapering . 
i used to buy rockport shoes exclusively but not anymore . 
when these shoes were made in the united states they were some of the best shoes around . 
I believe Wrangler has a better fit than Levis nowadays and an affordable price . 
These pants just fit fantastically . 
These seem like a well made pair of jeans and I do enjoy wearing them for their comfort . 
If this waist problem persist I do hope it is a reduction vice an expansion either way I am keeping the old pair just in case they might one day fit again . 
I recommend this product . 
I'm going to several countries in europe and hope to wear my birkies with heavy wool socks . 
I'll tell you more after I've worn them . 
The fit is perfect and they will NOT slide off when you bend over . 
I bought one pair to start with and liked them so much I bought a spare pair and six more for gifts . 
Comes with military style case . 
Good fit . 
Cushioned . 
Top is velcro so you can adjust the fit . 
So very soft . 
Excellent price for these on Amazon . 
She really loves them . 
they fit me very well . 
even wile riding my motorcycle they keep most of the air out . 
awesome ! 
Price wasn't that much better than others at stores , but I got the style I wanted , the color I wanted , and time will tell how durable they are . 
I'd say these are " more polarized " if that's possible , than the ones I've bought cheap at places like academy . 
He's had them for about 6 months now and hasn't broken them . 
Needed a relatively cheap pair of polarized sunglasses for wearing on the water and for camping . 
They have been durable and subjected to rough treatment . 
They have stood up well and perform as you would expect . 
The price is right too . 
These glasses arrived on time and in excellent condition . 
I thought that they would help with glare from oncoming traffic but they do not . 
I find these to be perfect . 
They are polarized , and enhance visibility while driving . 
Exactly what I wanted . 
Buy multiple pairs ... Pros : Comfortable , lightweight , suit wide head , lenses outperform glasses worth ten times the priceCons : Not very stylish 
They are light weight and easy to clean . 
The lenses however are quite large . 
. 
. 
These would also be great for driving but get the dark lenses for bright sunshine protection . 
This is a case in point . 
These were far beyond what I expected to pay for quality eyewear . 
The style compliments my bald head , and looking through them makes colors seem more robust ! 
My daughter even took to them.Great buy ! 
I bought a pair of these last year and liked them so much I got another pair . 
They are polarized , stylish and a bit big so not mashing my temples . 
The prices of these are reasonable and they arrived quickly . 
I would reccomend them for men and women . 
My head is absurdly wide ( ~ 7 " ) . 
These sunglasses stretch to accommodate my head perfectly without pain . 
When I'm driving at 60ish miles per hour , I would like to be able to focus as much as possible . 
These are very lightweight . 
The center nose piece blocks a portion of my view . 
The center nose support is so large that you see it when wearing the sunglasses . 
Bought these for my son . 
I had a very similar pair of sunglasses that I paid more than double this price for , and the two are nearly identical . 
This pair might actually be better , in fact . I wear these for driving , and playing golf , and they are light and comfortable . 
I wanted a bigger lens to cover some of my peripheral vision and these do the trick.They did come with some silly-looking logo tags snapped to the sides , but they were easily snapped off . 
I prefer the frames all black with no markings . I'm satisfied with the value for this price point . 
Didn't have any problems with delivery or packaging , he was satisfied with the fit and quality , I recommend 
I am particular about shoes since I have flat feet and at the same time careful about ordering shoes on line since I have received some lesser quality product in the past . 
Birkenstock had never failed to disappoint ! 
I love the fit of this style and the alignment they create in my joints when I wear them . 
I hate shoes - I will wear flip flops all day long and suffer thru the pain and stiffness . 
Wearing these instead of flat flip flops and my heal pain and stiffness is gone . I got them soaked in flooding , which concerned me - they weren't AS wonderful after they got soaked - it messes with the cork obviously , but they're still wonderful . 
I've had them almost a year now , and just now had to put the latch thru another loop bc of stretching , but they still look brand new and I wear them nearly every day . 
The first pair I wore out so much that the cork cracked right along the ball of my foot on one of the shoes . 
Wear these all the time . 
Thought they would hurt my toes , but not so . 
Comfortable , glad I got them , and will definitely order more when mine wear out . 
I recently spent six hours a day , three days in a row wearing them and did a lot of walking so I consider them broken in . 
My sister loves these , so I tried to get a pair , but they were just too bulky for me , so I ended up giving this to my sis since we are the same size . 
GREAT arch support though , great shoe , just not my style 
These were a great purchase , a little costly but they are worth every penny . 
The toffee color matches just about everything and you can dress them up or down . 
I bought them for a family trip to Disney and was worried my feet would hurt if I didn't invest in some seriously comfortable sandals .. 
These were just the ticket ! 
My two toes next to my big toe are longer than my big toe therefore , they went over the edge and I had to return the shoes , I did request a half size larger or a refund it they were unavailable . 
This actually worked as a minimizer , so in that way it could be beneficial . 
But with the poor support , I wouldn't want to wear this bra in public.It was comfortable - - that and the minimizing were it's good points . 
It would probably work well for a C-D cup or smaller . 
It is , as with all microfiber ( aka Tshirt ) bras , very stretchy , so I always order a band-size down ( 32 instead of 34 ) . 
I was looking for a demi bra - or something with less coverage than this . 
It is more a 3/4 or full-cup bra when I get the correct size , and that isn't for me . 
If you want a demi bra , get something else . 
They barely rested on the edges of my shoulders , and I am NOT a small girl there . 
This bra would definitely be visible around the edges of most summer tops - tanks , and other tops that show the chest or are sleeveless . 
The leather appears to be of a good quality and arrived with no marks or imperfections . 
The fit was true to size ; I am an exact 9.5 and these fit well with no gaps in the back or pinching in the toe box . 
I felt as though the outer side could have been made to go a bit higher on the side of the foot as it almost wasn't deep enough for mine , right at the widest part of my foot right before toes begin ? 
I also have extremely high arches which lead to my foot being " thicker " overall than probably a normal-arched foot . 
I'm 5 ' 10 " and while I don't mind a heel , I don't want / need to wear the platforms and 4 " heels that are so popular today . 
I wear between an 81/2 and a 9 . 
In the 9 , this fit me well . 
I know I'm going to enjoy these for years and they are going to match everything . 
I ordered another pair . 
Just in time for summer . 
Thank you so much . 
The cleaner itself is pretty good and has almost no smell . 
However , the brush is too small , with weak bristles and falls to the bottom of the jar ( it doesn't slide into the basket like the Connoisseurs brand ) . 
Most jewelry cleaners run $ 7-8 a jar or more , while this was less than $ 6 . 
i ordered the blitz gem and jewelry cleaner in the short bottle with the basket and the brush . 
I do not have a jewelry cleaning machine , and would have preferred the convenience of just letting my jewelry sit in a basket for a few minutes rather than have to worry about diluting a solution and then finding a bowl to use and a brush to clean off my jewelry.cannot attest to how it works , though i assume it works like any other jewelry cleaner . 
just wanted to post review to alert others you may not receive product ordered . 
It cleans and shines my jewelry and does an excellent job with little work ! 
I like the look and the feel of it in my hands and in my back pocket . 
I carried it for about a a year and a half with no problems . 
Eventually , I made my own wallet modeled after this one . 
It is rugged and extremely attractive.Since it is waterproof , I don't have to worry about getting it wet . 
Never had anyone say they didn't love it . 
I probably will be wearing these in my casket someday [ not too soon I hope ] . It's attractive enough to wear to a formal event , but rugged enough to be worn by spelunkers , sky divers , mountain climbers , and hikers all over the world.It will definitely be with me as I hike 500 miles in full backpack this Fall.Way to go Amazing-zon ! 
! ~ 
I've had this watch for five years and was lured by the " Navy Seal " mystique . 
This watch uses about three batteries a year on average . 
I wear the watch maybe 10 times a year and don't abuse it . 
The second hand fell off once and rotating dial came loose in the first six months . 
I took it to a local watchmaker ( has worked on my watches for 20 years ) who made it better than new for $ 60 . 
The watchmaker said not to take this into the water because he questioned the watch being " water resistant " because the original factory seal ( no pun intended ) was so poor . 
I've had Timex watches that are far better quality than this . 
My far less expensive Casio G Shock feels like far better quality . 
It's sturdy . 
The rest of the watch is cheap plastic . 
I'd like to see better build quality , more metal / less plastic a better water resistant seal.Now onto the case : it's not much better . 
While it's hard and protects the watch because it has a soft foam inside , the zipper broke after three months . 
Again , dealing with Luminox was unsuccessful.Advice : Don't be lured by the mystique of a " Navy Seal " watch . 
Spend your hard-earned money on something else . 
I thought it would be a more supple leather , but it was actually fairly stiff and had a weird chemical smell . 
The stitching and construction of the wallet seem ok , but the leather was weird . 
I tried rubbing some conditioner on it to soften it up and that helped a bit . 
The construction seems sturdy and the quality is better than some of the less expensive models offered . 
Rain coverage is enough for one person or two if they like each other . 
Time will tell how durable it will be . 
My husband will take this on our next international trip . 
We were impressed with the ease of operating it and the size is perfect to carry in the pocket of his Pacsaf messenger bag . 
I high recommend this ! 
! 
I have purchased cheaper umbrellas from Amazon , half-price and less compared to this one , and I got what I paid for . 
I would have been better to have bought these longer-lasting ones from the start . 
Bought several more for the whole family . 
When it starts to sprinkle and I pull out this automatic umbrella I feel so bad ass . 
It's the acme of technology and If all of my purchases had epic opening / closing buttons I'd really feel like I was doing well in life . 
I wish it rained more so I could use this more . 
I want to look cool and that is exactly what happens when I whip this out . 
Opens and closes automatically , though you still have to cinch it up when you close it . 
I like it because it's compact and fits in my briefcase . 
Perfect size for my purse or backpack . 
I like this one . 
I was hesitant to purchase the cleaner concentrate for my Ultrasonic jewelry cleaner so I ran an experiment with some of the jewelery in most need of cleaning . 
What jewelery went in came out noticeably cleaner using plain soap . 
BUT , I ran a different set of equally dirty jewelery with water and about a capful of the concentrate and it clearly worked better than just regular soap . 
The silver came out with less tarnish and dirt using the concentrate , and it came out shinier and more polished looking than just using plain soap . 
This is the first of its kind that I have tried , so I guess it's ok it cleaned my jewelry just fine.would recommend . 
A few caps of this work great in my ultrasonic cleaner - a little goes a long way ! 
Some tarnished jewelry I have has literally come back to life with this ! 
It didn't " dissolve " every sign of dirt but I don't think any do 
I was amazed at how wonderful a job this did without any effort on my part . 
Purchased with the Professional Ultrasonic Jewelry and Eyeglass Cleaner ... 
It's like Batman without Robin , Iron Man without Pepper , Superman without Lois ... Get the picture ? 
Nothing fights GRIME better ! 
placed this solutions in to the cleaning machine and had the diamond ring cleaned . 
This worked better than with the water by itself . 
My bracelets and watches look showroom ready . 
Many compliments on my cleaned jewelry this week ... 
When done cleaning , I just rinse the ring off with water to get any soap residue off and it looks spectacular . 
I have looked everywhere for a grey jersey robe that was long - something that would feel like slipping into a great silky t-shirt ... and this is it ! 
Fit is great , fabric is soft , the weight is perfect - not too light , definitely not heavy . 
Wish it wasn't quite so pricey ... but I paid it , & I'm not returning it ! 
This robe is exactly as it looks in the picture . 
Nice and light weight , yet good quality SOFT jersey like material . 
I actually love the robe , it is what I was looking for to a " T " so I am thrilled to have found this . 
The reason I gave it 3 stars instead of 5 is specifically because of the price . 
Way too much money for this robe ( I paid $ 98 ) . 
I am still glad I bought it , though hard to choke on paying that kind of money . 
Haven't washed it yet to ascertain if there will be shrinkage . 
Fits as expected . 
Does what it is supposed to do . 
Might need to get something that tapes vs this as some strapless shirts are too low for it . 
I did read the review they were mix reveiws some say great some say not so great.well I took a chance price was good but once here I was like no way that is going to work out , I am 160-165 pounds and a 42 D cup and it fix well but the stupied foam things in the bra u can see them when u wear a shirt.If it did not have that myb it be ok.would not wear it out in public cause it is not even 50 persent soported . 
I'm a 38D and the XL is a bit big and slips a bit . 
A large would have worked fine . 
But it works on its own for under looser , more casual off the shoulder tees which is why I bought it . 
Wouldn't wear it if major support was needed . 
I probably needed something with a little more padding . 
Having had bilateral mastectomy surgery months back without reconstruction , I was looking so hard to find something that I could wear comfortably and without being obvious that I had the surgery . 
I got very lucky and found your site on the internet and I thank you from the bottom of my heart . 
I am 5 ' 9 " 170lbs , and I weight a b cup 34/36 . 
I risked a medium and it fits snug . 
Even with the padded cups . 
it is very comfy and i love how it feels when i wear it because you cannot tell you have it on but i wish the top was a little more snug instead of streatchy s it wouldn't fall down 
It's big , a bit heavy and bold with lots of sparkle . 
Great watch for me to wear everyday . 
I tried to take out the pins for link adjustment and it turned into a nightmare . 
Save yourself apologies for using bad language and damaging the links and just take it to a jeweler . 
The pins are all but glued in there and are not an easy fix unless you have all the right equipment . 
Even my jeweler had a few colorful words to say but did get the job done . 
This is my second watch purchase from Amazon and my second Guess Watch . 
I got this watch some 5 months back . 
But in the course of wearing it i just fell in love with the sparkle . 
And i also like heavy and big watches which this one sure is .. 
I bought this for my 8 year old and it was kinda big . 
This bag is big and seems to be well made . 
He loves it . 
The bag is just the size I wanted . 
Good thing I did not pay attention to some of the reviews about how small it was . 
Good enough for my trip to Mexico . 
Not a carry on size for me but good enough to hold most of my needs for the trip . 
I like this backpack . 
It's bigger that I imagined it would be , but is perfect for what I'm looking for . 
I would take this on a month long trip to some third world country , but I would take it for a week long camping trip somewhere . 
This is a good pack . 
It's way too high and provides no support whatsoever . 
A case of lazy design . 
Otherwise , it would have been 5 stars . 
Very cute ! 
I think that it runs a little on the small side . 
I ordered a small and a medium probably would have been perfect but , I kept it.Look really , really cute on 
Large , lightweight and well designed . 
Can fit a ton of stuff in here . 
Only annoyance is the slight crinkling noise the shoulder straps make . 
When it comes to this tote , I like it and I don't like it . 
The material is shiny and nice looking , but almost too shiny for a guy . 
I would like it better if the handles were shorter and a little stronger . 
It is held closed by the back handle . 
The only other negative is the fixed bottom , which makes it hard to fold up smaller . 
Otherwise , I guess it makes the bag stronger . 
Folded , it is about 8.5 " deep and 18 " long , so you would have to have a long plastic bag to carry it in until you get out the store . 
That is what I do , unless I do it near the exit door . 
If you are driving , just carry it under your arm or in hand , or transfer items to bag when you get to car . 
It saved the day on a recent trip as I took back much more than I brought over , & this worked well as my carry-on because my purse and all gifts fit into it . 
I liked the slim profile and light weight , but the pink one I got is now stained and faded from the sun and its zipper is constantly snagging . 
I'm not a person who tosses around their bags , I try to care for my things and I'm frustrated by the color being ruined so quickly . 
This backpack doesn't seem nearly up to the standard of practical design , organization , or quality that I usually associate with the brand . 
It's difficult to find smaller backpacks for everyday use instead of a purse . 
This one fills the bill . 
I could definitely fit a wallet in the bag , if I chose . 
I find myself putting my phone in the back compartment so that it's easy to find . 
You could put your passport in there , too , if you're traveling . 
There is more than enough room for any extras you might have , including your Kindle . 
I like the Baggalini brand in general . 
I bought this in the chocolate brown for an upcoming trip in an attempt to find a cross between a purse and a backpack . 
I do like the idea of the split zipper straps , which worked well and were a good length , although a tad bit stiff . 
I'm sure they would soften up . 
I tried to put my compact camera , a pullover top , my wallet , and some sunglasses in and that was stretching it's capabilities . 
I kind of wished the bag was a little more stiff on the sides so that you could pull the zipper up with just one hand . 
This Baggallini backpack is really cute but alas it was too small for me . 
This bag from Baggallini is perfect for traveling . 
There is a hidden zipper pocket on the back so when I have the bag around my shoulders that pocket is well hidden . 
I have a couple of other baggallini's that I've used in the past but I could always find something I wanted that was missing . 
This one is " THE ONE " for me . 
I'm a wheelchair user and I love that I can wear this across body and feel very secure that no one can " snatch " it away . 
Everything one could ask for . 
It can hold my 750ml Camelbak water bottle in the mesh pouch . 
items . 
Sections--There's a cool little " secret " zippered compartment in the shoulder strap , a large flat zippered pocket that lies against my body that I use for my wallet ( most secure ) , a large center zippered pocket ( previously mentioned as " the largest section " ) , and two front flat zippered sections , one with interior pocket and card slots . 
Now my bottle's entries and exits aren't such a struggle . 
A smaller bottle would also work ( ! 
) , but I like to carry 750ml . 
I bought this for a 12 day European cruise . 
It held a sweater , water bottle , book , snacks , money and more ! 
When I upgraded my phone , the cell was a lot bigger than the compartment on the smaller phone . 
I decided it was time to upgrade , I couldn't find the bag in retail stores , but found it online . 
I can fit everything in this bag - cell , water bottle , kindle , wallet , tissue packs , pens , iPod , candy , and I could probably the kitchen sink if I had too ! 
! 
I liked this bag and the features of all the compartments . 
Sturdy looking construction . 
These are wonderful panties . 
They are very sheer , though , so don't expect to wear these dozens of times like your cotton Hanes . 
High waisted but high thigh , I love them ! 
I gave it a 5 - star review even though I returned it . 
This bag is the perfect compromise . 
It is a single-fold wallet . 
I will be doing a wristlet inventory soon . 
Most of them will be going to the consignment shop . 
Everything is just not quite what it needs to be . 
The two sections with zippers are not sewn to the bottom of the bag , meaning that anything small you think you have placed in one of the open sections is free to slide under the zippered pouch to another section . 
Even weirder - the sides are also not secured to the bottom of the purse , so if you unzip the sides all the way down stuff can slide out the edges too . 
You aren't going to lose anything large - but don't expect pens , change , or anything smaller than a marble to stay inside if you aren't diligent . 
The final issue is the strap - it is slippery , so I found I had to wear it cross-body all the time or it would slide off of my shoulder . 
I couldn't get it to come out the back so I'm not afraid of losing them . 
I immediately replaced the back that came on them with clear rubber plastic ones because the original backs were so hard to get off . 
I like him to have polarized because it reduces glare , but not too expensive . 
These would not fit someone with a pumpkin head . 
They look like nice expensive sunglasses . 
I don't like , to small for my head , and no I do not have a big head it is average ... ly larger but not as big as you think . 
My biggest complaint , however , is that the lenses keep falling out . 
They fell out just taking them out of the plastic wrapper . 
I put them back in and then tried to wipe them clean . 
Out they popped again . 
If I had bought them for myself I would have sent them back already . 
I'm still deciding whether or not to ask my grandson for them back so I can return them . 
I'm sure they'll be a real hassle to wear with one lens or the other always popping out . 
I can't recommend them . 
When we visited the local fire station , we took this hat and the fire truck with us . 
Firemen are our heroes . 
Like it . 
Recommend it . 
I added lights within the ears . 
That made my hat shine for New Years . 
Personally I love the the better quality the Elope company puts in to their products . 
If you have the option , Buy Elope for the few dollars more . 
You'll be glad you did ! 
My husband bought these to wear to a Pirate Mardi Gras Ball . 
We also noticed several other gentlemen wearing the same type of boot tops . 
! 
One trip to the goodwill to buy over-sized black pants and a billowy shirt was all it took - locally . 
However , these boot tops , and the eye patch that I bought on Amazon really made the outfit look authentic . 
Yes , Prime worked for me - these arrived in two days as promised ! Skip the hat ( reviewed elsewhere ) and go with a bright Asian print scarf or bandanna on the head to complete the outfit . 
I got these as a Christmas present for my boyfriend so he'd have something that would be a cross between a casual and a dress shoe . 
They are very well-made and after 8 months of wearing them , he still loves them and they look brand-new . 
I would definitely buy them again ! 
Each one that I have had lasted me close to two years of virtually every day use . 
I know it is time for a new pair when the inside lining wears through and the knobs on the sole are worn down to the surrounding material and even disappearing . 
Often , models of shoes are discontinued ( probably for fashion reasons ) after a year or two . 
Glad to see that these continue to be produced unchanged . 
I hope this post doesn't jinx that ! 
I'll order them again . 
The one pair is still in its box in the closet and I wear this " multi-color " all the time . 
It's difficult to see but the " multi-color " means that the sole and side stripe are a dark navy blue on white leather but the fabric loops for the laces are a dark green . 
In fact , now I'm tempted to buy yet another pair . 
A person cannot be too cautious about some things . 
These sneakers fit the bill . 
I have been wearing them on my 2 to 3 mile daily walks and the shoes provide the right amount of support . 
I also like the fact that they only weight 9.6 oz . 
Most of my other sneakers are much heavier and after prolonged use leave my feet and legs feeling fatigued . 
Overall these sneakers are an excellent walking shoe . 
The cushioning and arch support are perfect for me . 
Right now I use them only on weekends when I can wear jeans / shorts . 
These shoes really are great . 
My aunt does not wear sneakers since it is hard to find wide shoes that fit comfortably ... and then I found Easy Spirit's Romy sneakers . 
She told me it feels like she is not wearing shoes and she was very happy with them . 
I liked the look of these but the minute I put one on it went right back in the box . 
I was sad . 
I really wanted to get walking ! ! 
Guess it is iffy ordering shoes online but sometimes you hit it lucky . 
This was just not not of those times . 
Been wearing for a few hours and they feel like an old friend already . 
The size was perfect . 
I like these much better than the New Balance just purchased for the same price . 
It was past time for my old Nikes and the fit and feel of these shoes make me wonder what took so long to get new shoes.Athletic shoes are ridicules in price , these are so reasonable , was concerned the quality might be second rate or fit oddly . 
I'm tempted to get another pair , but I have exceeded my budget for shoes .  
Fit is as expected - - Due to no wide shoe option available on the day that we purchased these we were forced to go up a size to hopefully get a wide enough shoe . 
I am on my feet all day . 
Feel like pillows under my feet . 
I bought these about 4 years ago from a JC Penney . 
I have bought several tennis shoes or walking shoes since that are just not as comfy so I tried to find these and couldn't . 
I found on Amazon and they look and fit the same EXCEPT that the right heel seems a tiny bit more loose . 
I have bought more expensive shoes that are not as comfy . 
For the low price these are a great pair of casual sneakers . 
I have tried many walking shoes over time . 
I wear this when I know I am going to be on my feet and need comfort . 
I have several Easy Spirit shoes ordered in past few years . 
This shoe does not have the quality that my older ones have . 
I think it may have been made in China . 
Runs smaller than my other ES shoes , returned 
After trying them on I realize that they are the perfect fit . 
I can tell the difference in my med size sneakers . 
I am Sooo glad that I ordered them in narrow . 
They are classie looking and supports my feet so well when working out and they're very light on my feet.Therefore I never feel like I'm loosing my balance when stretching . 
Thank you Amazon for carrying these in a narrow . 
I have been buying the Romy sneaker for YEARS ! 
Please never stop making the Romy ! 
I don't usually buy shoes without trying them on . 
The only negative was I couldn't get the color I wanted as they were sold out online . 
My orthotics fit great in these shoes , there is wiggle room in the toe area , and the offer very good support . 
I ordered one full size larger with a medium width , size 11 m . They fit good but I ordered another pair only this time I ordered a 11wide width , just because I wear really thick socks . 
I am on my feet pretty much the whole time I'm at work . 
I have been looking for a replacement for the Propet ' style I had been wearing , they decided to stop making them . 
I have several Ameribags . 
Ameribags are awesome . 
The leather is so supple ! 
It is more of a dusky white which I think makes it much more wearable . 
I can even fit my iPad mini in it with its case . 
I took a chance buying these since some reviews were negative . 
I like quality boots and have a number of them , which I alternate . 
The shoe was comfortable , but a little " low cut " in the front . 
I don't like showing " toe cleavage " when wearing flats and you could see the first two toe splits . 
These shoes fit perfect and are pretty comfy . 
I like the detail of the buckle and the slight arch support makes them easy to wear for a long day at work . 
They were oh-so-cute . 
I wish I did . 
As a result , my shoes ended up in the charity pile . 
Gift for a friend who had a pair about 30 years old . 
I was able to wear them straight out of the box with no problem . 
Now after several uses though I really like these shoes I am not completely happy with them . 
They don't have enough support on the arch of my foot . 
Though I really like them and will continue to wear them for this price I will not be purchasing them again . 
I hesitate to evaluate shoes for anyone else unless I'm talking about quality because I have lots of foot problems and very difficult to fit feet . 
I have plantar fasciitis , get cramps in my legs , feet and toes , have a narrow heel , bunions and hammertoes . 
Since I didn't wear it , I cannot talk about the quality . 
This is my firt pair of Keen and this style seems to run a half size small I needed a 9.5 in venice , I normally wear a 9 in other brand shoes . 
I will use them on my kayak where nobody will see my ugly giant boat shoes . 
Not a big fan of these . 
Just purchased these to go hiking in Turkey . 
I'm old but I got over the tighty whitey phase long ago . 
I don't want boxers which can look a bit funny under my dress pants and these are nice . 
I bought these like a year ago , just doing the review . 
I like the feel and the fit . 
Colors are very soft / pastel like.will recommend and buy againthanks RauL 
My husband really likes the Dickies brand for scrubs . 
They fit well and are not too thin of a material . 
I ordered XXXL since I wasn't sure if it was going to fit up there or not . 
Maybe I should have ordered XXL . 
The sizing chart is not right so don't go by that . 
I have a 50 inch chest and XXL would have fit me perfect . 
Just order down one size . 
The tops fit as expected . 
I am just so disappointed in how short the tops are . 
However , I read and read and re-read reviews on uniforms . 
I was use to ordering from one stop shop which is a company that sells for places like Catherine's , Roman's and Lane Bryant , The 4X you purchase from somewhere like Romans or Catherine's is NO where close to a 4X in these scrubs . 
These scrubs run so much smaller than the plus size clothing line of clothes . 
Good quality material . 
Like the comfort fit of the top . 
Usually wear a size medium but ordered a large and glad I did , its not too tight . 
I like it very much it's fit very very good . 
It is just what I was looking for . 
The fabric is very good . 
Only scrubs that I wear ! 
I love how you can wash and wear them , with little to no wrinkling . 
I ordered a large and it fit me a bit big , but that is the way I like it . 
they are good pants they are a little big but i good purchase for the money . 
they have plenty of pocket if that is some thing your looking for in a pair of pants 
Thanks ! 
Like the quality of material . 
Fit is a little loose , but that's the way I like it , ordered assize med . 
It becomes especially horrible when you have to run to the bathroom and untie it . 
I ended up cutting the time in order to respond to natures demands . 
Wish I had thought of the problem be for it arose . 
I do like the scrubs though and once the waist band was fixed I will be wearing them often . 
So , for you tall and plus size ladies our there who are tired of wearing high water scrub pants , try the plus size in a " Mens " and I think you will be pleased as I was . 
Good luck ! 
Bought these for work as I need to wear khakis ! 
These where the worst ! 
Fell off my butt all day ! 
Waste of money ! 
Im buying scrubs from Wal-Mart ! 
You get the distinct feeling that it is not very flexibleand will snap.It is said to be made in Italy ! ! ! 
I really doubt it . 
If it is authentic , I really feel for Rayban falling so far below standard.My advise to you , is to pay more , go to a shop and feel the quality before you buy . 
You are not getting a bargain from thisAmazon seller . 
can't beat these ! ! 
That's how much I love them ! 
Ordered the MATTE BLACK polarized sunglasses and they are really nice for the price . 
As others have noted , if you are average to above-average size ( mainly facially ) I would recommend getting the 55mm as opposed to the 52mm . 
These fit great ; I am 6 ' 1 with somewhat large facial features and the Wayfarer's sit nicely on my nose and are proportionate . 
I am always hesitant to buy glasses I haven't tried on , but went out on a limb here since they were on Lightning deal . 
Came with a nice brow-leather semi-hard case and cleaning cloth . 
I have always wanted a par of these " classic " RayBans and now I have them ! 
This is my 3rd pair of RayBans and I am a very satisfied customer again 
Read the reviews on the Original Wayfarer . 
Saw some unhappy reviews . 
Decided to go with the " New Wayfarer . " Good decision . 
Got the 55mm lens . 
They are what I expected and couldn't be happier . 
I love these ray bans and was a bit confused on where to buy matte black on black . 
I read reviews that the green lens are in fact black , this is the case and are quality sunglasses . 
Came in ray ban case with lens wipe . 
I bought imitation sunglasses and ended up with peeling of the tortoise shell off the glasses and problems all around . 
This was worth getting . 
These are a perfect fit . 
A gift for my husband and he really likes them . 
I've been wearing the RB2132 for decades . 
They are classic . 
If you have a store that sells Ray-Bans near you ( I wish I had and this would have taken a lot less time to figure out ! 
) , I would try the sizes and models on and then come to Amazon to get a great discount on legit sunglasses ! 
I have sun damage so these are just what the doctor ordered . 
Love the fit which is perfect and works for my facial shape . 
I saw other reviews stating these didn't seem authentic . 
I disagree . 
They are perfect . 
I would by these again . 
I have a funky schedule for school and most of the time , when I go home the sun is right up in my face , these shades handle all of that with no problem . 
She loves it 
Quality glasses . 
No go . 
They are really just for kids 
fits perfect . 
would recommend to anyone interested in purchasing . 
I didn't know what I was missing . 
It's funny how they are making their way back into our lives . 
Wish I had held onto mine from like 20 years ago ! 
! 
Just be prepared to be able to pull it off ... 
Have been wearing Wayfarers since the late 70s . 
I am not knocking the seller . 
I purchased this set and the quality is awesome , very sturdy . 
The only problem I had were that the top of the glasses was low to let light in . 
Even though I would raise them high on my nose . 
I need some top coverage on my glasses since I drive a lot . 
Great material no ironing after washing needed if removed promply . 
Would buy again the next size . 
Sturdy seams , strong fabric , no loose stitching . 
A bit larger than I thought it would be , butthat's not a fault in a jacket ... fulfilled a dress code requiring white tops and still let me sneak inthe occasional white-based light print scrub top underneath .. , and added 2 more roomy pockets for all my assorted nurse stuff and pencollection ... great product ! 
I have been a nurse for 30 years . 
My primary field has been ED . 
Until 4 months ago I wore the white Dickies painter pants . 
Recently the new CNO decided that we should have a uniform appearance . 
I researched scrubs to find the ones that would fit my needs . 
These do . 
My walkie goes in the right leg pocket ( perfect fit ) my trauma Fiskars go in the left top leg pocket leaving the lower pocket free for a shopping list when I go to Supply . 
The three belt loops allow me a belt for my multi tool and key clip.The zipper cuts down on time when the diuretic kicks in . 
To top it all off they keep me looking like a professional . 
I am in Nursing Administration . 
I would recommend them to anyone . 
At the same time , they aren't cut like the one-size-fits-all scrubs that you see so many of that assume that the wearer has a giant , square butt that comes up to their shoulder blades . 
I wash these at least once a week and they've been going strong since I bought them 6 months ago , no fading or obvious wear . 
I usually wear petite small but this pair are too small . 
Also the cargo style of this particular one just does not fit me right . 
I ended up returning them and got full refund . 
over all a good purchase . 
Namaste ' 
I would recommend them to anyone needing cheap scrub pants . 
I don't wear them but since I washed them , I can't return . 
I would if I could . 
I would definitely recommend these to a friend or a family member due the comfort and durability . 
Tried others since residency . 
I get only Landau now . 
I do own a sewing machine so I was able to hem them by myself and that made me much happier with my purchase ! 
If you have to wear scrubs , at least wear these . 
Flattering fit . 
Excellent fit for 6ft , 180lb man . 
Material is a little coarse . 
. attracts cat hair and lint like crazy but maybe after a few washes that will diminish . 
) . 
Dickies is great work wear . 
The fit is relaxed but not too loose . 
I will be getting another set . 
I plan to buy him more such PJ's as needed . 
These pajamas are good for every season except winter . 
They have survived the first washing with no damage , discoloration , or shrinkage . 
The collar is narrow ( I don't like collared pajamas ) and not too intrusive . 
I would recommend these pajamas . 
The neck cord is easily adjustable and the average person should be able to wear it around their neck , waist , or cross-body . 
I'm tall and thin and all three modes work for me , as they do for my average ( and proportionately ) sized husband . 
The cord is a twisted metal cable , sheathed in fabric , designed to prevent pickpockets from cutting and stealing the pouch while worn . 
It was stiffer than I initially expected , and a silk cord would be more flexible and comfortable to wear , though that would completely defeat the pouch's purpose . 
Likely , I will wear it around my neck while breezing through the airport and around my waist or cross-body the rest of the time . 
The pouch will hold one ( maybe two ) passports , cash , and credit cards . 
I am excited to use this . 
The neck cord extends long enough to allow me to wear this cross body if I wish , but the shortened length is perfect to keep the pouch - and my valuables - securely out of sight . 
The third compartment is fully large enough for currency , cell phone , or even my Nikon Cool Pix - but would be rather bulky holding all that . 
I bought this sandal for my active 4 year old with the hopes it will be less smelly than a similar pair I bought from Oshkosh . 
I was very satisfied for the price - buying in February meant they were about 60 % less than retail ! 
They also look tidy enough to wear with his Easter outfit . 
From reading reviews people said to size up but when they came in they were way , way too big . 
I sent them back and ordered the correct size my son is in now and they were still about a half size too big . 
It is so real ! 
It looks like leather but it is a kind of plastic very light and soft . 
Superb 
Ordered 2 - one for each daughter . 
MUCH better quality and material than your typical Halloween costumes . 
Wonder Woman wore a leotard so I guess I shouldn't be terribly surprised that this skirt is super short . 
My daughter is 135 cm and we ordered her a medium , which should be good for someone who is 5 ' . 
Not so , very very short . 
I experimented with these and really like them . 
I will order a few more . 
I bought these for my now ex . 
Lol ! 
These are classic fake black market CK underwear . 
The label was really crude and they were incredibly small for a medium US size . 
Do not buy . 
You will be disappointed . 
I will never buy clothing again on Amazon . 
Zero stars ! ! 
! 
They fit so well and are so comfortable under jeans or dress slacks ! 
I would buy again in a heartbeat ! 
i'm never going to wear anything else , its good for the gym and good for date night with my wife . 
Thy are a bit expensive but go on sale on amazon occasionally , down to like $ 20 . 
worth it to me . 
There is no excuse to not wear fine underpants , and these are the finest I have yet found on this earth . 
I own several pairs . 
I have no complaints about these . 
I like the 6 " boot , light-weight , and durable . 
I use this shoe mostly for riding my motorcycle . 
This swim suit fits as expected and the string at the top is very sturdy.The color is a shade or 2 darker than the pic on the site but that is good thing for me . 
I have never owned this fitted style of suit before but I love it . 
I can not wait to swim in it on my vacation.It arrived on time , was packed well and is good quality . 
My GFs like it so much they want me to order the other 2 colors as well . 
I have 10 watches that I love to wear with different outfits . 
I have been paying $ 5 and $ 6 to get the battery changed . 
This kit is saving me money hand over fist . 
all the items in the kit are useful including the brush , the tweezers , the back opener and small screw drivers ( one Phillips and one flat head ) and the knife . 
I highly recommend this watch battery replacement kit for anyone who wants to save money on their watches . 
It does everything that I expected . 
I can now change the batteries in my collection of watches 
It has saved me quite of bit of money not having to take my watch to a store to have the battery replaced . 
If I could give zero stars i would . 
I have ordered cheap watch products made in China for the last time . 
These tools were so bad , and cheaply made , there was no way I would even attempt to use . 
There were rough edges on every piece and fit and finish was none existent . 
I realize this is an adjustable hat , but it's pretty small and would suit a younger kid well . 
For adults its OK if you're a pinhead . 
Its cheap . 
All met my expectations . 
It is very comfortable and does the job it is supposed to do . 
Sometimes when ordering a bra , the sizing can be off , not this bra it is exactly the size in the cup and around , so no guessing ! 
This bra is very comfortable and sexy.It is well shaped and the straps can be adjusted to suit anyone 
The cups are not molded , and it looked suspiciously like something you'd find in grandmas laundry basket.So it didn't make it past the try on stage before I stuffed it back into the shipping envelope and sent it back . 
I ended up returning it , even though I do like some Bali bras . 
He was Neil Armstrong and this worked out well for that part . 
It's well made and it fit him perfect but BEWARE my son normally wears a size 10 in pants ( we bought a 12/14 ) so in my opinion this does run a little small . 
My son is about 4 ' 9 and 60lbs . 
super great suit that we bought for our daughter . 
the quality is really good and the suit looks like a real nasa outfit . 
she loves it so much , she wears it monthly . 
She does not notice the imperfections of the printed paper , nor the almost crude little ballerina . 
It is small and just right for my 5 year old granddaughter to carry around , which she has done for some time . 
I think it rather sturdy . 
My granddaughter loves all the hidey spots and uses it to save her money and little jewelry items . 
She loves winding it and watching the little ballerina turn . 
I love it so much I think I'll buy more colors . 
I love everything about this hat fit well and a great weekend or bad hair day hat it worth every pennie . 
I really like it a lot . 
Adjustable in the back for a good fit . 
Will order other colors now . 
I really like these and the way it looks on your head . 
It does fit a bit large , but that may be my head's fault :) I'll just adjust the Velcro part and it should be good . 
Maybe I need more colors . 
I am a size 8 shoe , however , I purchased the size 9 sandals . 
They do run on the smaller size . 
I guess it all comes down to preference . 
Definitely buy a whole size up but do buy ! 
I gave them to my daughter inlaw , she loves them andcommented on their comfort . 
firstly I am sorry I purchased it , the strap part is sort of tight with one side tighter than the other I am thoroughly disappointed , you need tiny slim feet to probably feel comfy in this I an true 6 size but this has a funny feel , waste of money , no I want my money back ! 
I would recommend them to anyone . 
I loved that they shipped quickly and fit well . 
I have had mine last forever before . 
So far these are shaping up to be the same . 
I love the cushion on these rather than the " walking on the floor " feel . 
I could walk in these all day ! 
Wife is wearing these at the beach now . 
She has a high instep , so she loves the arch on these attractive flip flops . 
I like these slippers and they are soft and comfortable ; but they run big . 
I should have purchased a size smaller , they have room at the back and even looks like they may stretch a bit after numerous wears . 
The slipper seems like they would have been comfy , but I hate the fit . 
they have the sizing wrong . 
I had a pair of these flip flop years ago and loved them so when I found them again I had to buy them . 
They are comfy and can be worn all day . 
These are my absolute favorite . 
They fit well and mold to your feet after a few uses . 
I buy new ones each year when my old ones wear out . 
cheaper than local retailers in my area . 
I'll keep wearing them as long as they keep making them ! 
Super comfy , super cute ! 
After wearing these around for a little while , I've decided that these Reef flip flops are going to become a summer staple for me . 
I want more ! 
I usually wear an 8.5 and ordered a 9 . 
They are a bit short in the back so I think I could have had a 10 but I will still be able to wear these . 
I have about 60 pairs of shoes in my closet - these are by FAR my favorite . 
We are a family that likes to laugh so we put on these kind of hats to lighten the mood and keep the stress at bay . 
I put a thin coat of leather cream on them to enrich their beauty and that was it . 
I'm very please with these boots . 
They were a bit tight for her ; therefore , I ordered the next half size larger . 
I was happy to see that it came in the next half size because the whole size would have been too big for her . 
But I find it hard to believe this is supposed Narrow . 
I walk right out of it . 
These are the only slippers my MIL will wear . 
She took a half size larger in this style and although they are quite snug she says they'll stretch . 
We've had a lot of snow and he has been wearing them a lot to shovel the driveway and get around . 
Iv'e been weraing Woverine boots for several years . 
I have a pair of of 6 " Bulldozers that are over 6 years old and are finally getting to teh point where the soles are worn enough that the boots are nearing retirement . 
The other day one of the upper ( hook ) lacign points broke . 
I was heart-broken ... these are my favorite boots . 
Then I saw the Fultons . 
Thet arrived a day early ( kudos to the seller Shoe Station on that one ) ! 
I put them on and me feet fell in love immediately . 
My feet were tired from a day of work and they actualy felt better when I put these on . 
I walked around a store for a couple of hours adn had no issues . 
NO BREAK-IN PERIOD ! ! 
! 
I like the price ! 
I really like the style ! 
Good price ! ! ! 
Perfect for my boys ! 
They are soft and pliable . 
And No blisters ! 
I had a ton of tarnished silver jewelry lying around and new they needed to be cleaned . 
This did the job just as expected and all is like new . 
I enjoy wearing silver jewelry , and a polishing cloth is a must-have . 
Once I'm done with this cloth I'll buy again and again , because it's exactly what I needed : a mess-free , efficient , quick cleaning product that gets rid of the ugliness in seconds . 
! . 
worth it's weight in SILVER ! 
I originally got it to clean up a bronze torc that I have and wear regularly , which slowly tarnishes ( and darkens ) the finish . 
Well , it not only worked , it worked fast and very well ! 
It only took me about three minutes to have the torc shining like new again ; very impressed ! 
I went on to shine up a few pairs of silver earrings and rings that were in need , and again , quick , easy and beautiful ! The best part is that there is no mess like there is with the liquid cleaners , and the cleaning cloth is stitched to the polishing cloth so you always have them together . 
Much , much easier than the creams and pastes . 
This cloth performs as described . 
We would recommend this cloth to family and friends . 
I ordered a 13 M which was way too small so I am returning them and will be getting a 14 3E . 
Thank you for a good product and good service . 
These slippers fit perfect and feel great ! 
They are extremely well made and attractive . 
They came on time and arrived in great condition . 
I would recommend these to anyone . 
He was excited that he had slippers that fit his size 14 feet . 
When they got damp they would leave foot prints every where . 
These L . B . 
Evans have a flexible rubber sole that doesn't pick up everythig it touches . 
I have a terrible back . 
A god send . 
My husband loves his slippers . 
They are well made . 
Glad I found them . 
They were a very good price for the quality . 
Evans men's Klondike slippers . 
My daughter for a holiday costume urgently need wings . 
We bought these on Amazon . 
These wings were a gift and they not only sent them quickly but they were exactly as pictured ! 
They made someone's Halloween . 
Thank you ! 
this toy is very accurate . 
I shot a fly that was 4ft away and the bullets are soft enough that it didn't kill the fly . 
Wow great toy this company is a very fast shipper also durable , great looking gun shoots pretty good too I bought the soft bullets also because the gun does not come with ammo Great to shoot indoors 
My son loved this gun ; you do have to buy caps or whatever it uses to go with the gun , but that's no big deal . 
Seriously , what's not to love about a toy 45 ? 
Make sure you put the ammo at the very beginning of the barrel when you load it or it wont come out . 
I did sew the black skull on itvery hard material for sewing decades onto . 
Some of the reviews made me worry that the texture would be off but these are perfect , silky with just the right amount of sheen . 
I was also needlessly afraid that the reversible color would show through ( it does not ) . 
The size seemed right , I am 5 ' 4 " and 125lb and got the size A . 
The legs were a little short but they are stretchy enough to work . 
I needed opaque tights for the winter months and other brands kept falling short ( not actually opaque , not enough stretch , tear easily , etc . ) 
and I kept having to throw them away . 
These , however , have not only lasted a long time , are actually opaque and provide a little bit of shaping ( though not much ) . 
I will say that the sizing chart seems a bit off to me . 
Based on my height and weight I am squarely in the middle of size C . However , that size was too small and way too uncomfortable to wear all day so I upgraded to a size D and it was perfect . 
It could be that I have long legs , or that one needs to size up in general . 
The sole feels very cushiony , and the shape fits great . 
Good for the beach too , because the material gets sand off quickly . 
We wear a lot of sandals , ( flip-flops ) pretty much year round in our family and everyone wears only Reef brand . 
We have all tried other brands , but none last or compare to the Reef . 
I know they say flip-flops are not good for the feet , but we have found wearing Reef sandals is the exception . 
They have the needed support and walking around on them all day , doesn't leave us with sore or tired feet.We wear them out , and this pair is to replace an older pair , that has seen its last day . 
Bought this for my spouse to bring on cruises to wear going back / forth to the pool area . 
Great light weight and great for just slipping on / off when in a hurry and don't want to put on shoes . 
These were very tight on my feet . 
I am 9.5 and asked for a 10 and it was still a bit small 
He loves how they feel on his feet and said " oh wow " as soon as he put them on . 
These worked perfect . 
It's a flip flop . 
The price is right . 
The fit is nice and tight but not too tight . 
I like the Reef fit and have repeatedly bought more and more of their flip flops . 
I say it's somewhat small because I wear size 9.5 sneakers and size 9 dress shoes , and for this I purchased a size 10 but they fit just right . 
People probably will be better served buying half a size larger.But these are plenty comfortable . 
The fabric toe joint doesn't cause discomfort ( something experienced with plastic toe joints ) , and the overall build so far looks pretty good . 
I'm hoping these will last me a long time . I purchased them to replace two sandals I used to wear : one because the toe joint separated from the slipper , and the other because they way I walk puts a lot of weight on the big toe and my walking eroded away the big toe area after 2 years of use . 
These run to the large end of the size scale but I had read previous reviews and bought accordingly . 
Pockets are roomy and practical . 
Can't expect much more from a cargo short . 
There are some minor differences such as the single stitch on the edges instead of a double , but other than that they are identical from what I can gather . 
Just like the real one the threads in the liner will fray due to use , this is not due to the fact it is made in China . 
I like the hat and it looks good . 
I washed it twice since I got it . 
Machine washed . 
It came clean like it was brand new , but the material started kind of ragging out and showing wear that I feel it should not of been showing at two washings . 
It still looks good , but it just looked kind of rough as far as some spots of the material . I like it enough how ever , I would buy another one . 
So in my opinion it is a good product . 
These are not the glasses to buy if you want super durable glasses to wear for the next 20 years . 
Obviously . 
They are a very cute pair of vintage-inspired " bug eye " sunglasses , styled after something Jackie O would wear . 
If you are looking for something for a vintage look , a costume for a play or party , or just something to add to your accessory wardrobe for occasional wear , these are a great deal . 
I got mine right around $ 12 and I have been using them for a community theatre production . 
I don't like spending lots of money on sunglasses . 
I usually end up losing them or sitting on them or just throwing them in my purse with a case . 
These are pretty good . 
Nice look - they are a little large - my husband thinks they are " Hollywood . " But the block the glare that I want when driving and I like how they look . 
Good purchase . 
They seem like they will hold up . 
Exactly what is in the picture an perfect for sunny days . 
They are large enough so they fit over my regular glasses . 
I got these for wearing at the beach ! 
Very Jackie O ! 
my favorite sunglasses , they look great and more expensive than they are . 
Insanely fast shipping on this one . 
Not super high quality , but plenty good for driving to and from work . 
These are so much fun to wear ! 
When they say over-sized they are not kidding , so expect big glasses ! 
Feels more durable than sports duffle bags . 
It comes folded inside its own bag . 
You could fit easily fit 1 wk worth of clothing . 
In the main compartment and 2 pairs of shoes in the end pockets . 
The water resistant canvas like material made this bag very light compare to some other duffle bags . 
I'm keeping it for when I take a massive trip to Nepal or somewhere , ... but , the thing was just too big for a 7 day trip . 
So , I ordered the medium and it's going to work for a pair of shoes , two pants , underwear and 6 shirts . 
These things seem well made and the reusable bag they come in is very well made . 
The only draw back that I can see is the shoulder strap is not padded . 
My disappointment is in the durability factor . 
The material is rather thin and on its own has no structure . 
It looked like it was double material ( lined ) in the picture but it is single ply . 
For the price ... pretty good . 
A bit pricey but my son loves it . 
He's 10 , thin and tall , the 18 " fit well . 
Got the black and he wears it for baseball and to school sometimes . 
Seems pretty good quality and it has a break away feature for safety purposes . 
All good . 
I ordered this boot in the size I normally purchase 11 , but it was way too big . 
I returned it immediately and I am waiting to go to a store to try on which size Bates works for me . 
I don't have much complaint about the product itself ( I was sent the wrong item ) but the seller ' MensWallet ' is horrible . 
After I pointed out that I was sent the wrong item , the seller asked for a picture of what was sent . 
I send them the picture and they immediately realized what they did . 
But instead of providing me with a replacement they started to fooling around me . 
Their first offer was to issue me a $ 5 refund and keep the item they sent me ( like , really ? 
who does that ? ) . 
Then with a sarcastic voice , they asked if I am unable to print the return shipping label they're offering , and last line being , " Hope this will resolve your ' serious ' issue " . 
I chose not to contact this people again ( they are poor at communicating as well , roughly 1 reply a day and I had this going for around a week I guess ) . I escalated this to my first Amazon claim and as expected was issued a full refund . 
The item sent ended up in the garbage - took picture of that too because this seller tend to come back and asks for proof ( yes , this is the other way round ) and will lecture how their business works and they have a policy and all . 
Just a joke . 
The hassle I had to go through for a cheap wallet is really pathetic . 
I chose not to let go because I saw they did this to other buyers too and wanted to see the end of this.Buying from MensWallet - you've been warned.The wallet itself - it's not bad considering you're paying less than $ 20 ( i got a replacement ) . 
I really like this wallet ! 
I bought one in black too and like it just as much . 
I have been looking for a wallet for a while and I have finally found the one that does it all . 
This Mundi wallet has everything I need as a busy woman . 
checkbook . 
If this were a cotton bra I'd rate it five star , but I long ago gave up looking for cotton in a lined bra . 
The fit is even better after a few washings . I have this bra in three colors . 
I can no longer find them in town at any of the stores we have . 
no part of this bra worked my wife said it was too small , scratch , poky and just a bad bra ... 
It would be nice if all the manufacturers could get together and have standard sizes ! ! ! 
! 
The product is ok . 
However , you get what you pay for - as it is not well made . 
Would not purchase from this manufacturer again ; however , the seller provided quick service . 
I found it very cute and sexy too . 
A total waste of money , does not look appealing and does not cover much . 
Regret buying it , but it was not misrepresented . 
I liked this little number on the wife , she fills it out very well and let me just say that it didn't stay on too long , would highly recommend 
I like that it is long and does fit good . 
I would order more if they had more colors or if this happens to get destroyed in the bedroom . 
I think the fit is nice and the price was very good . 
I am short at 5 ' 2 " and is not to long so that is a plus for me . 
I am 5 ' 9 and wear a size 8 or 10 , depending on the cut and 36 DD bra size . 
However , with any movement , the front of the gown rides up up too high . 
I doubt this would be an issue for a woman of average height . 
The material has a lot stretch , so I imagine someone of average height up to a size 12 or 14 could probably wear this comfortably . 
However , I am not sure this would work for size 12-14 women , who are my height or taller . 
The front would likely rise up to the navel ! 
So your thinking about buying this watch . 
Not too big for a 6-7 inch wrist . 
It has all your your basic functions . 
If your into extra bells and whistles go for the Casio Riseman ( which I own and highly recommend ) but that will add another $ 100 or more to your budget . 
Basically I like the look of the watch , I'm not too much into the other various colors or negative displays which they have in this model . 
Try one on at your local watch shop , test the buttons as they can be hard to press for some people . 
Remember no review can replace an actual test run on your wrist . 
You will know if it is too big or if it is not for you.One more thing I would like to add is that a bigger watch does not mean a bigger display . 
If you are like me and your Irish eyes ain't smiling as much as you get older , the display may be a little difficult to see . 
Another reason to do a dry run at the watch shop . 
I have a Casio SGW 100 which I think has the best display for reading glass folks like us . 
It has a digital compass , thermometer , mineral glass ( instead of cheap resin glass ) display and the numbers themselves light up when you press the light button . 
I have had it over a year with no worries . 
I got this for my son's 12the birthday since its the in watch of todays kids and adults . I tried to press the buttons and its a tad hard to do . 
My son loves it and its not mine so i just put it out there that the buttons are hard to press . 
Not much else to say about this watch really . 
However , one plus that goes over looked is the fact that it has screw bars instead of spring bars . 
It actually wears thinner and a tad smaller than the typical 6900s which is odd to me but I've never had one malfunction with it . 
Very cheaply made with a thin covering of leather over padding to add substance . 
A disappointing product . 
Older versions of the same shoe were made much better . 
I like this watch . 
In addition this watch is big . 
if your average size like me it might appear a bit overlarge . 
Got these for my teenage son for Christmas . 
He really likes them . 
They are a big on the light side as far as the mirror goes , but he's not complaining . 
Just setting them in the car sunglass holder rubbed off some of the mirroring . 
If you just need them for a one time costume , have at it . 
Ridiculously awesome for the money ! 
Other than that ? 
Great fit and super cool looking . 
The lenses are truly mirrored and the sunglasses are exactly what you'd expect . 
These tap shoes are classy , pretty , and perfect for little girls taking dance class . 
My daughter loves how they fit , and she even begs to wear them to school ! 
Totally worthwhile buy . 
I don't expect them to last long but for the price they ate worth it . 
They are made of plastic . 
These boots are beautiful ! 
They are beautiful :) 
Shipped quickly , high quality and would recommend 
I'm clumsy and I haven't tripped with these ! 
These pants are a good 8 inches too long . 
Bought for son for Christmas so he would stop taking mine . 
He really likes it . 
Would buy for any guy . 
my husbands has a lot of Lucky brand jeans so last time they were for sale I decided to buy a pair of myself . 
I'm 5f 7i and size 8 . 
I ordered a 29x34 because i like the extra length with heels and wasn't fully sure of the waist fit ( size 8 should be 28 ) . 
well , the pants say it is still a size 8 but I could have gone with the 28 ( although I don't mind the little extra room ) and the length is perfect for my ankle boots . 
will buy more next time they go at 50 % sale 
They're too big in the waist and there is too much of a flair . 
I save them for jean weekends at work . 
I am 5 ' 2 " ( barely ) and 125 pounds . 
I'm a big fan of the Lola Boot cut and the Sweet n Low styles . 
They don't grab anything or make anything " spill " over the top - - they have a nice stretch which flatters . 
These are more like mid-rise jeans ( not low cut as the name implies ) so you don't have to worry about the derriere making any appearances even when you bend over.As for length - - I'm short ( 5 ' 2 " ) and their " ankle " cut option is good for flats or even a slight heel.As for size - - I am normally a size 2 or 4 in jeans and knowing Lucky Brand , I always go to the higher end because they often run a bit small . 
I'd definitely recommend them ! 
did not fit at all and is extremely cheap material . 
I'm a size 16 and this doesn't even come close to fitting me . 
I can't understand why they'd call it " queen " size if it's mean for someone who's a size 4 . 
Quality seems average . 
Returned . 
ALL my junk hangs out . 
But that's ok ... it's not about my junk , now is it ? 
lol 
My mom loves these . 
I ordered the pajamas for my granddaughter . 
They were exactly as shown in the picture . 
The t-shirt is a perfect weight and has held up under several wearings and washings thus far . 
The pants are a medium heavy micro-fleece and a bit too warm for me to sleep in , but still have a soft feel and nice to wear when bumming around the house . 
If you're looking for comfy and cozy , and you love Hello Kitty , you can't go wrong with these . 
having read hundreds of reviews of watches on this website I chose this one to add to my collection : - likes : - an elegant and easy to set watch - utterly easy to use and simpledislikes - perhaps too small for anyone with big wrists , the wrist band does not feel like it is high quality 
I REALLY LOVE THIS WATCH ! 
Screw down crown with mechanical wind function is an awesome feature . 
The glass display on back adds a nice touch of elegance , and the engine inside does appear to wind in both directions ! The screw down crown with mechanical wind hack function was found to be an unbelievable surprise . 
I have a 9 inch wrist which is why I bought a Grand Diver as so many others seem to fall short at the eight inch mark for me . 
The deepness of the blue is similar to the ones seen on many high end luxury watches , meaning it doesn't look purple . 
Overall , I'm really becoming a huge fan of this line . 
Definitely would buy again and get the sapphire crystal . 
Can't go wrong if you are looking for high quality in a low cost package . 
I have a little nerve damage under the ball of each foot , and these are the most comfortable shoes to wear . 
The sock is padded like sneakers , good support and cushioning , etc . 
Maybe you could get away with it in black , but the brown , which was more reddish , just looked to cheap to be seen in . 
Dear Stags used to be cheap , but acceptable , the kind of shoes you would wear if you had to look decent but be on your feet . 
But these are just beyond the pale , and considering they very close in price to much better shoes while being closer in quality to Payless , I'm not sure why anyone would buy these . 
I found these by accident when ordering some mules / clogs . 
Covering for the front of the foot , open on the heel where the clog / mule is open.Not sure if they will be ' slippery ' or not ... I haven't worn or washed them yet . 
I had doubts that they would stay in place but they worked great . 
I would like more choice of colors . 
I am a size 16 regular .. 
I purchased a XL . 
and its too tight .. 
I do not feel like exchanging it because they do not have a XXL . 
I will try to loose some inches so that IT can fit .. overall pretty skirt ... but disappointment in terms to size 
It fits a little to big also the top of skirt rolls up does not stay flat and I don't have a tummy , other then that just love the skirt . 
looks like the picture you can wear it with flip flops are boots 
But sort of baggy , I wear size 14 jeans and got the 1x due to the size chart but I could have gotten my reg large and they would have been perfect . 
No need to go up a size 
So after reading all the reviews I thought ok they will fit good I will order the 3-4 x well .. 
They fit but a little tight . 
I am a size 22/24 about 300 lbs soooo im no small lady lol but I do like how they make you feel ! 
:) 
It looks really expensive and is a very nice silver color . 
Very well made . 
These are very sturdy work pants which would take anyone a long time to wear through . 
Note that the waist size for these may run a couple numbers larger than what you would normally wear ( i . e . 
you may need to order a 32 instead of a 30 in the waist ) 
Says his pants fit fine and feel comfy . 
He bought the gray , brown , and black . 
Love him in the black ! 
Baggier than expected , very firm and heavy canvas . 
Won't buy more of the same . 
. 
ok . . 
. 
I recently went on a bike trip through New Mexico . 
The temps reached the high 90 ' s in spots and these pants were pretty warm . 
You really * feel * the durability emanating from it as you wear it . 
I'm a quite large guy with a little ... plumpness . 
And he is very familiar with the brand and how it fits ... however these bib overalls didn't fit as expected . 
We ordered a size 38 34 which is what his jeans size are , . and they fit like jeans should from hips down ... however from hips up , not so much ... he sYs they were a little tight in the crotch area and pretty tight around the chest and stomach area . 
Everything else was great about the overalls , the color , the stitching on the seams ... double layered knees and the straps had a section that was stretched type material for the even bigger guys . 
I'd order from this seller again . 
We ordered the correct waist size but ordered 1 size bigger in length because we were told by others that they run short . 
Wrong , these were true to size so I will have to hem them . 
I do wish there was more adjustability on the shoulder straps . 
Good quality product . 
I purchased the bib overalls for my son and he loves them ! 
These fit just as expected . 
They advised they ran a little small so we ordered the next size up and therefore they perfect , as expected . 
it is a beautiful material . 
The buttons and the stitching are all well made . 
This shirt is nice , but the material is heavy . 
So it makes for a perfect shirt at night during cooler weather.Can be worn casual or dressed up . 
Having just gotten Carhartt's pocket-T's and finding the Large just right , I bit the bullet and bought the twill shirt to wear over the t's for early morning hikes and walks in what has been a very mild winter.Pros : The material is heavy , but moves with you . 
In other words , it's not a jacket , but a heavy shirt.The twill is extremely comfortable . 
It is very soft , yet you can tell that it's " sturdy " and will wear well.The Large fits over a heavy T , but fits perfectly without being tight around the middle.Cons : The sleeves are about an inch short . 
I have worn a 16x33 in a long sleeve shirt for over 30 years . 
This is about a 16x31 . 5 , BUT if I had gotten the Tall XL , the cuffs would cover my hands . 
( See their sizing chart . 
) This is not a box cut as the photos show . 
It had to be carefully removed.Will I buy another ? 
If it doesn't shrink and the shorter sleeves don't " bind " when buttoned , I probably will . 
Looks and fits really nice . 
Only complaint is that the length on the arms is a little to short for my liking but I can still wear it just fine . 
I liked it but just didn't fit like it looked in the picture . 
Even down sized to a small which fit better from a medium but just wasn't at it seemed . 
The long sleeves cover your arms and the fabric in the main part of the shirt doesn't come out of your britches when you bend over . 
The collar can be folded up to cover your neck when the cold wind of winter blows or when you come out of a scary movie at the theater and you don't want the monsters to grab your neck . 
Oh my , Am I projecting ? 
SIlly me . 
Roomy . 
Well made . 
Here in south FL this gets used for a winter coat and the sleeves can be rolled up when it warms up . 
Plenty of shirt tail to tuck in if it ever gets cold enough to bother here . 
This will last a long time . 
Get one . 
The shirts fit well and are very durable . 
Heavy cotton construction , good for cooler climates 
Well made and pretty . 
Looks like it will hold up well . 
like silver love hearts already have on but it was to big so I ordered another one , fits nice , looks good on , never take it off 
Found this one on Amazon and ordered it . 
It arrived promptly and fits just right . 
Material is good quality and just what I wanted . 
Ordered a half size up on advice of online raters as they are water shoes and I do wear my Thorlos in them a great deal of the time . 
Support and looks are great as well . 
The last pair of Newport sandals I tried on in an 8 fit really nicely . 
I have wider feet and a lower arch so I can't always find shoes that fit well . 
These , however , were lacking a little in width and my toes hit the end . 
Returned them and was about to order an 8.5 because I think those would have fit perfectly but the prices have become way more expensive for every pair of Newports I look at . 
Oh well , guess I will save my money this way ! 
Don't know what kind of elastic they used but it is not stretchy at all . 
But below the waist because of the pleats those pants really balloon out so the front looks rather ugly.It is a total enigma why they called them Relaxed Fit - if I buy size 16 to feel comfortable at waistline - below the waist I'll look like a circus clown . 
And I haven't even washed them yet.Possible to wear with smth long over them to cover the ugly puffed front , but otherwise not.So no , definitely not buying this model again . 
Most of the pants I get on-line are a little small so I went ahead and ordered a larger size . 
Well , in this case they run as sized which all-in-all is a good thing . 
My waist is MUCH smaller than everything below . 
The pants fit great around the hips / buttocks / thighs but the waist is tight . 
If it weren't for the small elastic panels in the band , I probably wouldn't be able to wear them . 
That being said , the pants do tend to relax after a few minutes of wear and I can tolerate the discomfort . 
( I just wouldn't wear them to anything like Thanksgiving dinner ! ) 
- - the legs are short . 
I have average length legs and find pants either break across the top of my foot with a little bit below the top of my shoe or they're REALLY long and I step on them . 
Not these pants . 
They come just to the top of my foot - in other words , wear nice socks or whatever because as you walk , they will be seen.If I had tried these on in a store , I wouldn't have purchased them . 
They fit enough that I didn't want to hassle with returning them ( though Amazon was great about the other brand of pants I returned ) . 
I'm not sure buying a size larger would help because , as I said , they fit everywhere else . 
Material is soft and well made . 
I had to buy another pair . 
They are just what I wanted . 
Love them , fits as expected , like the fabric , , they dont shrink , feel soft and make you look dressy the elastic in the waist make fit better 
It's not at all . 
I have been buying an E cup and 38 inch band . 
However I went to these online bra fitting calculators and they inidicated I should try a 36 band and a bigger cup , ... well I guess I went too big . 
So thinking about reordering just a smaller cup size . 
I am 5 " 6 ' and 150lb . 
this is nice fabric and I'll probably try again in a smaller size but it was the first fantasie I tried . 
I thought it would fit like Chantelle . 
I pretty sure I'll need a smaller cup than I need for panache or freya , and a smaller band than Chantelle . 
Was small around my neck - I'm NOT a big fellow - I have other shirts which are the same size & they fit perfectly - this one was a mess - neck was too small & heaven help you if you over stretch the neck button cause it won't pull back the way it's supposed to - gave it away in one of those cloths donation bins ... 
I like that the cuffs can either be used with cuff links or with the included buttons . 
One shoe had weird shape ( pinky toe area was wider than the sole ) . 
It looked like my kid can slide her foot from side to side and can easily trip over . 
Returned and ordered another pair ( Red ) . 
Protects toes / feet on the playground 4 . 
Doesn't smell after a whole summer of wearing 5 . 
It's all my boy ever wants to wear 2 . 
It fits a little larger than other shoesSummary : This is the perfect summer footwear for little kids , especially if your 5 year old boy is anything like mine . 
These little Crocs are tough and durable , and all it take for me to clean them is to hose it off ( sometimes with my kid still wearing them ) . 
Mud , sand , dirt , various pieces of plants and shrubs , whatever ... it all gets washed off within a few seconds of getting the hose . 
Last year's pair was worn almost daily from April to October and they're in good enough shape to give to his younger sister when her foot gets big enough.The only drawback is that he loves them so much trying to get him to wear anything else is like pulling teeth . 
These Crocs are just a bit larger in size than standard shoes of the same size , but I think they're designed that way . 
Not a lot of room to grow but I think the next size would be too big . 
The crocs from Mexico run small and have a very short strap . 
They look strange with so much footbed sticking out beyond the strap . 
See the pictures . 
You cant go wrong with Crocs . 
Spray with a hose and dry and they are new again . 
She only wants to wear crocs after receiving the shoes . 
He simply loves them ! 
So I have to get the next sizejust like this one ... 
my son tried these on and they are a bit too big , but that's a good thing , because he will grow into them . 
they are not too big to wear right now and somewhat easy to put on .. 
I wear a size 5 1/2 adult shoe and these fit me perfectly . 
Got them at a lower price than adult size and love the color ! 
Perfect shoe if you have any type of foot problems . 
Thank you . 
I choose the name . 
I haven't had a Buxton wallet in years . 
Thank-you . 
I normally wouldn't buy this kind of wallet but chose this one because I was tired of the plastic photo insert in my current wallet falling out . 
That should be eliminated as it takes up space that could be better used . 
I can't believe how much stuff fits in here . 
I like the size of the wallet , fits easily into your purse or you can just grab it and run into the store ! 
Exactly what I was looking for . 
Both of the compartments zip closed so you don't loose anything inside ! 
This wallet is well made . 
But it was smaller than I expected it to be . 
I don't know where I would be without it . 
I'm a one-handbag gal . 
I wanted this handbag for the longest time . 
Maybe not all at once ! 
The grabby handles are how I get it out of the car , but I wear the over the head strap for carrying it around and just carry it off my hip . 
( I'm not hippy . ) 
It could not be better looking or more practical . 
Do make a note of that ! 
I bought these for my son for Christmas . 
He loves them and says they are just what he expected from the boot . 
I have been buying Timberland boots for my son for years ; but this means , these are only his third pair . 
Previously , I purchased the standard golden boots ; this is the first time I bought the ultra-suede , at his request . 
He really wanted black boots but , did not want to look like a storm trooper . 
I was unaware the ankle padding would be brown but , this was a pleasant surprise to both of us ! 
As he commented , ' Now they look less like Nazi boots . ' 
They provide good support but , we needed to add a padded insole . 
He wanted to wear these right away , before they were treated . 
Followed the advice in other reviews that these run a little large . 
Ordered half a size smaller and they fit about right . 
Durable and extremely stylish at the same time . 
Perfect when you want to be casual and dress to impress at the same time . 
Met all my expectations in style and fit . 
The sizing chart is exact so no worries when ordering on line . 
Very attractive shoes the build quality is just unbelievable fits perfect and look good all the time i have been ask every time i wear it wear i bought those shoes they are attractive and very masculine its an old time classic glad i found them in the timberland brand 
A 10 M should fit me , but it was so long my heels came up in the back .. trying to decide whether or not to reorder it in a smaller / wider size and how far down to go .. maybe I'll go to a shoe store and find the right size when the snow stops ! 
He just find a little imperfection , the left shoe seems like darker than the right one but we keep it anyway coz it fits well to my husband . 
If you buy them , I suggest you get one size larger than usuall . 
very attractive shoe and they feel like I have been wearing them for a year , would I buy another / sure would 
One paid the left shoe is not the same as the right . 
It looks like they used the toe piece from a D width shoe on the 2E . 
The shoe seems to fit OK but it looks like hell . 
My wife had already thrown out the boxes or I would have returned them for an exchange . 
I think I would buy anything Sebago makes ! 
The leather is so soft . 
I definitely recommend these and the whole Sebago brand . 
WG . 
My husband was introduced to these shows some 10 years back and since has not bought another pair . 
This is his everyday , all time footwear . 
He even tried to wear it to the gym ! 
I walked these wonderful shoes like they were the only pair I owned and after years I had to let them go . 
This is my second pair and once again I am wearing these as if they are the only pair of shoes I own . 
the picture of them is not the greatest but trust me they look awesome in person and the fit is like a glove and the price I was sold . 
I bought these directly from Merrell many years ago andI am still wearing them . 
They really are my go to shoe , as others described . 
The only thing that I don't like is the big ball shape of the heel and the way the rubber runs up the back . 
I went onto the Merrell website and they stopped making them for some reason . 
I am sure that I will buy more . 
I wear a size 10.5 " shoe , ordered these in 10.5 " , and they fit perfectly.Nike makes their insoles a bit different than other companies though , the arch support is more in the outside of the arch rather than in the middle , which works fine for me , but some people might need a more centered arch support . 
I run with a heel-to-toe stride and these absorb impact , and rolls nicely off the ball of my foot . 
I've already put 27 miles on them and they are holding well . 
The materials are good quality and overall you hardly feel any weight on your feet . 
The heel part of the sole is designed interestingly , it accommodates a slightly angles heel stride which is great for running . 
Just feels a little odd when you first put them on . 
Maybe it's a standard thing with running shoes . 
I just wasn't used to it but it feel just right when you are out and running . 
Nothing pokes my foot inside in any way , nothing rubs uncomfortably . 
Perfect shoe for me . 
Buy it with out any question . 
Good Quality . 
Runs small , order a whole size bigger . 
I normally wear a 10.5 and order 11.0 when I know something runs small but I should have ordered 11.5 with these . 
Otherwise not a bad shoe and the white ones are 50.00 and prime eligible 
The shoes are perfect ! 
They are perfect ! 
The boot looks great and is really well-made . 
However , it's just too large , even when wearing heavy socks . 
Order a size down unless you like a LOT of room in your boots . 
I purchased these because Im starting a EMT program and needed sturdy shoes . 
They also are good looking as tactical boots can be ! 
Light as stated , and I wear a size 8 , but in boots I always order up 1/2 to 1 size also being ordered online who knows ? ? ? 
So a size 1/2 to 1 up is safe to fit me . 
I don't mind my boots a bit bigger I can wear thick socks . I wear these on my off / days too . 
I have had similar boots by other companies . 
Even though I eventually loved them , it would take me truly weeks to break them in , with many serious blisters and attempts to improve the fit with various soles / socks etc along the way . 
These fit perfectly , at once , no breaking in period at all , good tread , good support . 
I wear these for everything that requires water proof shoes . 
. 
. 
not to mention during tactical maneuvers . 
So far they have held up longer than I do for my training ! 
Lightweight . 
Woman's work boots are hard to find . 
I bought it because I wanted an automatic , durable watch that I could wear forever . 
It looked great . 
Unfortunately , it just stopped working after several months . 
That happened to a Seiko diver's watch I bought several years ago , too.As two Seiko automatic watches have failed on me , I won't ever go back to that brand again . 
Not much to say that a zillion other earlier reviewers haven't already fully covered . 
I can't believe Seiko can make and sell it at this price.The exact same model is offered in blue , beige , olive drab and black . 
This would be a good ' first real watch ' choice for a young person.Hope this is helpful . 
I think that there is a unisex version and a women's " fashion " version , and this one ( black suede ) appears to be the latter . 
My other pair has more shape to the shoe , and the suede is thicker and less soft but sturdier . 
I still like them , they are just as comfy , but I but doubt they will last as long as the unisex version . 
I ordered my usual 39N and had to punch another hole in the strap to hold them on . 
Thicker socks make them more comfy too . 
This product speaks for itself . 
A classic product ... NOT just for police . 
I would keep an eye on the size . 
I would suggest you order one size larger then you normally do . 
Pretty heavy duty - thick and warm ! Wanted something a little more low profile - so I returned it ! 
I got these because I get rubs when walking long distances and my boots come most of the way up my calf . 
These socks come up to my knees and stay there . 
Would buy again due to wicking and insulation quality along with fit . 
I gave these socks to my daughter for working outside in sub-zero weather . 
I have been looking for this kind of sock for years . 
So much better for warmth than wool socks . 
Panty hose thin , seems to work well but not sure how long it will last . 
Smartwool socks are da bomb ! ! ! 
I don't think I'll ever go back to any other kind for winter socks . 
If that's not a good test I don't know what is . 
They're not super thick and dry quickly . 
Worn alone they are perfect for fall and spring . 
Gave these to my very skeptical man ( he was sure they would be uncomfortably warm indoors ) and he LOVES them ! 
We live in Vermont and it's 5 below as I write this . 
He has admitted he doesn't know what he used to do without them ! 
Wool keeps your feet DRY . 
End of hike . 
These low cut in the Summer and Fall with shorts and the full length in the Winter and Spring for increased warmth.Highly recommended . 
I wear these socks to work and a slowly having them replace my old cotton socks . 
I like these . 
nice and thick , fit good , look good and the price is not to bad . 
seems to last good also . 
I hate the socks that have no ankle to them . 
I also don't want long dorky socks I have to roll down ( like Flashdance leg warmers ) . 
You get what you pay for and these are great . 
Helped during 40 below wind chill Iowa winter weather . 
washed well and handy to have for cold weather seems durable 
Soft and plush . 
Thick . 
I really enjoy folding these socks for my husband . 
REALLY COMFY ! ! 
The circulation feels better , too ! 
I have purchased Champion brand socks in bricks-and-mortar stores , and they have been rather thin or skimpy , and they are always too tight because of the all too common tendency to save money ( for the manufacturer , not necessarily the consumer ) by having one size supposedly fit all ( or nearly so ) . 
Most store-bought socks seem to be " for sizes 6 - 12 " , which means way too tight like a tourniquet if you have a large foot size and probably too loose if you have a small foot , duh . 
I wonder if Champion's Marketing folks realize that every pair they sell in stores makes consumers think of Champion as cheap and ill-fitting ? 
Hmmm . 
But these are very good , and less expensive than the also good but overpriced socks from some other , specialty sock brands . 
I'm a woman who loves to wear men's sweats around the house . 
They have become very hard to find . 
They fit him just right . 
And what's really great is the price . 
The black and the white in this shirt really pop . 
It looks awesome . 
I have the blue one and also the gray one as well , but the black is the nicest of the three . 
If you only buy one , get the black one , but the others are nice as well . 
I like the style and the airflow is just right . 
I have only worn it once to play golf on a very hot day . 
i WANTED A MID-HEELED BOOT THAT FIT CLOSE TO MY THIN LEGS WHEN i WORE SKIRTS . 
This one served that purpose . 
I think people will be left guessing as to whether or not these boots are made of leather . 
The boots fit my foot and calf perfectly , and I like the low heel because I can wear these for hours without discomfort . 
They fit snugly along the leg , and I have thin legs . 
Good support . 
I have these boots in black ( with a slightly smaller heel ) . 
I work 10 + hours on concrete and the a insole I can comfortably wear both pairs all day long . 
My husband has had a similar Casio with the rubberized band for years but the band kept getting caught on things so he asked for a bracelet style . 
He uses the stopwatch feature all of the time . 
well , not a secret maybe but i felt like i was solving a mystery . 
It should now be loose . 
Now slide the clasp up or down the strap until it is the size you want it . 
Snap the clasp back into place ( you might have to move it slightly to get it into exactly the right position ) by pressing down on the clip firmly . 
Test it and if it is still wrong , repeat until it's the size you want it.You just replied with a later post 
I bought this because I am rough on my watches . 
The band is very cheap everything scratches . 
Pay a little more and get a Casio Pathfinder fish or hunting model they take all you can throw at them . 
( Usually about $ 30 . 
on Amazon ) 
This watch is so rugged that i will buy it twice . 
I wll not hesitate to buy it as a gift for any one even my young son . 
Basic features but that's about all you'd want in a dress watch . 
Easy to adjust the date , but adjusting the watchband length was not particularly easy , even having worked on my other 5 Casio metal banded watches . 
10 year battery ought to have it running down about the time I decide to buy another . 
Classy looking watch . 
Can't beat the price too . 
I bought this watch for a gift , the person was very glad to have it , the only cons : the band is not adjustable , so be careful , there is no way to adjust the band . 
I put the appropriate rate , because the watch was too small , looked like toy or a baby . 
the brand is very good and comes with warranty and case or own support . 
I own several Swiss watches that cost several thousand dollars , but I still wear the Casio F - 91W more than any other . 
Why ? 
Accuracy , efficiency , low cost , comfort and style . 
I got it and it feels like a ladies watch . 
Casio's just last forever . 
After the resin strap on my super cheap Casio finally broke , I decided to replace it with a super cheap Casio with a nylon strap-in the hopes that it would last longer . 
On the minus side , the aesthetics are a bit " bleh " and it is a bit annoying to set . 
The 12/24 hr button changes the numbers . 
You also need to wait a bit before switching again-if you push the button twice or more quickly it will just switch once . 
Push Mode again to get out of the setting mode . 
This watch is your typical Casio watch . 
This watch fits the bill , as do many , many others on the market . 
This watchband is comfortable in that it's fabric , but I like my bands loose , and this watch always slides around to underneath my wrist and I'm always putting it back on top of my wrist , which is a bit annoying . 
But it only stays on as long as you hold the button down.They ' ve tried to put just about everything on a watch , but all I've ever really used were the basics . 
A watch that gets the basics right is what impresses me . 
I assume in the future the Pebble type watch will be all the rage , but will they hold up to abuse ? 
Hmmm . 
When wearing it it works nicely with every outfit I have to wear and upon looking at it briefly a person could not tel the difference as to if it were a much more expensive watch . 
This is a unisex watch , with a short strap . 
I'm not particularly beastly , and this watch just fits on my wrist , on the very last hole . 
It fits my smaller friends much better , including two petite ladies ' wrists . 
An all around great watch for work , activities and even when you want to get dressed up a bit more . 
Beyond the fact that it keeps excellent time , there are some more subtle virtues . 
It doesn't look expensive or cheap . 
It goes with anything including , I'm told , I've never tried it , a shower or a swimming pool and , if it does and things don't work out , at the price offered you can easily , quickly ( It's on the Prime list so there's no cost in shipping and it arrives promptly in a couple of days ... ) and no one knows-or probably care-that you've had to replace a watch . 
( A friend suffered the embarrassment of having to take a " used " smart phone to the repair place . 
So far so good . 
Of course , if it's that hot , other places will also be sweating and who will care about a sweaty wrist ? 
AND if you're paranoid about sweaty wrists , at the price you can easily have a spare that is dry and ready to roll . 
An excellent purchase which I've had for several years . 
And worth every month of it . 
I'm usually very picky when it comes to watches . 
If you need a simple , elegant looking watch for about $ 10 , this is it ... It is a CASIO and would last a long time . 
[ I have used several Casio watches before and I know about their quality and reliability ... should serve for two years with the battery inside ; No frills and additional features like alarm or timer or stop watch ; no backlighting or LED lamps as in other Casios ; no date and day either ... simple watch with a center second---note that this is analog ... so looks well on your wrist , like a classic design watch ; perfect for students and out door guys for tough work ... cant lose much ; I agree with several reviewers that the band is flimsy---if you like replace with better ones---Have always one or two of these watches for every day tough use ... it is water resistant which means hand washing and splashes on the watch will not affect the performance ... use it wisely at this price point and you will have a good opinion of Casio watches and would buy more of such watches at low cost ... this watch even boasts of " Japan movement'---only ' cased ' or assembled in China , I presume with automated tools.Highly recommended ! 
! 
rate 5 , I order this product for a male friend , I guess he like the product , I guess he would tell a friend 
In the default mode , it shows the time ( duh ! 
It seems to keep good time ( though it is hard to get it adjusted to the second ) , so that's a plus , since I hate to be late.The only downside to the watch is it's limited lifespan . 
It will inevitably break at the area that attaches the watch band to the watch itself . 
It lasted forever . 
This watch has been made for at least 30 years now . 
I went for the chrome A158W , instead of the plastic F91W , which is the same watch , internally . I suspected the bracelet would be a hair-puller , and I was right . 
As a watch collector , I expected that , and I put a Swiss Army strap on it ; much better . 
I really wanted the dressy chrome look on the watch head , and I figured I could dress it back up again in the future with a glossy lizard strap.The feature set , you can read about on Casio-USA's website , so I won't go into that much.The key things to note from ownership and use are as follows : + Simple . 
There's no other watch that packs this level of features and legibility into such a light package . 
When I'm wearing this watch , I forget that it's on , sometimes . - Hair-puller bracelet . 
OK for Asians , not so good for the rest of us . - No countdown timer . 
I miss this useful feature , but in many cases , the alarm can be used instead . + Loud beeper . 
It is not sealed up so tight for waterproofness ( this one's only rated as splashproof ) that it makes the alarm notably quieter . - LED sidelight is barely adequate . 
( yeah , I'm an nerd ) In the long run , I use this as my back-up watch . 
I leave it in my desk drawer at work for those days when I forget to wear a watch leaving the house in the morning . 
This is the perfect watch for that duty , as it will run at least 7 years on a battery , if the alarm and light aren't used much . 
very nice looking watch and does everything i need it to do.wakes me every morning and that is good for me . 
And it is a really nice looking man's watch . 
Yes , the crystal is the soft plastic kind that scratches very easily - - but I believe a good plastic polish with VERY fine abrasive could probably restore it to looking just like new and I hope to try that fix someday ! 
It's irritating when you try to set something on the digital display whenever either or both of the hands are down in the 5 , 6 , or 7 area . 
Sometimes you have to just wait until they move by themselves - - because resetting the analog hands only works in the " forward " direction and , if you move them , it takes a LONG time to get them back to where they were . 
But , once I got them down , I really appreciate what I have for such a low , low price . 
rate 5 , I order this product for a male friend , I guess he enjoy it , I think he would recommend to a friend 
This is the only style watch I have worn for over 30 years . 
They have cheapened them up some over the years so they are not the same quality that they used to be but they are a good watch . 
This watch was similar to an old style he had so I bought for Fathers Day . 
He loves it ! 
! 
The only problem I had with a less expensive Casio was the watch was great , but the band was junk . 
And to replace the band cost more that to replace the watch . 
This watch has a much better band and I expect to have a better chance of wearing it many years longer . 
This watch is very well built and I expect to get several years of excellent service . 
I use the stop watch functions a lot to time my rest intervals while weight training . 
Also , the " adjust " button is very hard to use , but the other three buttons work much better . 
Time will tell but Casio is a good bet . 
Based on the original design of the very first Casio G Shock engineered back in 1983 ... We have the royal king of all G Shocks ... 
You may never put your watch through the limits of abuse that it can take . 
But the watch will certainly last you so long that it will become a part of you . 
A part of who you are as a tough full of potential and dedication individual that can withstand the test of time . 
Cheers Casio ! ! 
! 
the first version of the G shock , this item is a collection jewel , is a part of watch history ! 
thanks 
This watch was exactly what he needed . 
This is the only type of watch my husband likes - the Casio G-shock . 
He's a machinist and works with his hands a lot , often gets banged up getting into and under machines . 
He also goes fishing in the ocean ( actually goes into the ocean , up to his hips , surf casting ) and the watch gets wet and sandy . 
This is the third one he's had in 20 years . 
I'd say that's not bad considering the price . 
Sadly we can never find a band to match so we just buy a new watch each time.PS ) He doesn't have the best eyes but he can see the time just fine in daylight or in the dark ( back lit ) . 
And he finds the alarm easy to program , loud enough to wake him . 
Very retro . 
This watch tells time and it's tough . 
Wear it to the beach , to the pool or out on a tough-mudder run . 
If it lasts , you'll know what time it is . 
If it breaks ( and it probably won't ) get a new one . 
Can't go wrong . 
It is a workhorse . 
Very durable and will last a long time . 
Buy it esp . 
if you are an exercise junkie like me . 
It's hard to begin a review about an item that I love so much . 
battery life : 2 yearsModule 1289/3230 I have always been the guy that never wanted to spend a ton of money on a watch . 
Part of the reason is because I have a job where my watch was prone to constant damage and bruising . 
I was going through watches at about that rate . 
He went on to tell me all about the watch and how much he loved everything about it . 
From the design , to how well it fits on his wrist , but the most important aspect of all which is how durable , touch , and well built the watch is.So after listening to him , I decided to purchase this G-shock and have never looked back . 
I don't need to know sea levels or faces of the moon . 
It makes it so convenient to not have to switch between modes just to know what time is it . 
This watch will go through hell and back with you . 
You may not be as tough as this watch is . 
It is standard issue for many military and law enforcement agencies around the world . 
Here's a link to Google pictures of military units wearing g-shocks all over the world , thanks :[ ... ] 
The G Shock is a great watch for active people . 
I've worn mine while surfing , skiing , mountain biking , racquetball , golf , running , skating ... you name it . 
It's practically indestructible . 
I remember the early G Shock commercials when they would strap one to a hockey puck then slap shot it into the net ... still worked . 
This watch is especially handy when out in remote areas with no cell service . 
I like this watch and to me it's classic G-shock . 
The clasp is black , which I like . 
Overall , I like this watch and it's priced right on Amazon . 
Arrived in time . 
The casing is not what is shown on the description page . 
The watch lives up to its reputation ( Strong , sturdy G shock ) . 
I got it on eBay for about 30 dollars . 
I has good features , everything I need . 
I have to really push my finger in there to press the buttons . 
I put it through camping trips , car repair , oil and paint spills , dropped from a 2 story building . 
And guess what ! ! 
This bad boy is still cooking ! ! 
You buy a G Shock and you have a watch for life . 
Which is what I have now and they fit much better on smaller wrists . 
this watch was like a swing on my hand and I still have not been able to get the band adjusted because one jeweler said that the links are like welded on so its cant be adjusted , I just put in a box , what a waste ! 
don't buy this unless u have real fat or big wrist 
very nice i gift it to my mother she like it very much and like it thank you i will order more 
It's not fancy , but for the price you can't get much better . 
It goes with just about any outfit too . 
Quite a disappointment , although I will say some of the problems may be my own fault . 
Eventually I found paying to have my old watch repaired was more worthwhile . 
I bought it for that reason and it works perfectly for a watch to just tell one what time it is without all the gizmos . 
Finally caved and looked for an affordable and easy-to-read watch and this Casio is amazing.The 1 " diameter face gives you the right time at a glance and its so lightweight you don't feel it on your wrist . 
The price is unbeatable . 
My husband as been a wearer of Casio watches since high school ... over 25 years ago ! 
This watch was no exception . 
It is well made and arrived in a Casio box and then inside another box . 
Naturally , the bands are the same as ever and I am sure the watch band will break / die way before the watch does , but for the price you can NOT go wrong . 
Oh , and as for the large digital numbers ... hubby can read them w / out wearing his glasses . 
LOL ! 
does da deedbut got scratched so easily almost cannot read da timejunk ... 
A no frills watch that does what it is supposed to do - tell time and tell it accurately - always a dedicated Casio owner 
It's sold as a ' UniSex ' but it is so small in diameter that it has the look of a ladies watch ( and I'm not that large of a male 130lbs . ) . 
Bought it because it's cheaper to buy a new one then have the battery replaced ! 
I have been transported straight back to the 1980s . 
This watch is perfect for my needs : Cheap ! Waterproof ! EL light ( very easy to read in dark ) StopwatchCalendarDaily AlarmI really like the fit style of the bracelet and the fact it doesn't pinch my arm hairs . 
I am a very large person ( 6 ' 6 " tall ) and the bracelet fits my large wrist very well.Setting the time and alarm is fairly straightforward . 
I seriously can't believe I only paid $ 17 for it , including shipping . 
I'm now buying similar Casio watches for all my family.The only feature I wish this watch had was a countdown timer . 
Oh also it would be nice if the backlight stayed on for a few seconds on it's own instead of immediately going off when you release the button . 
I'm wearing mine now . 
The watch still works , but you can't wear it . 
Bummer . 
Unfortunately , it seems to have stopped functioning after only a year or so . 
It was very inexpensive but they no longer sell it . 
This watch is priced about the same and I was worried about it for several reasons . 
It seemed to have too many buttons and functions , causing confusion , and it's a bit taller than my old watch . 
That setting lasts up to six hours or until you cancel it , to save battery life . 
I set it before going to spin class and then only need one hand to check the time in the dark . 
Really nice . 
Interesting display . 
Instead , the digital display lights up behind the hands . 
But the digital display is fairly easy to read , even for those of us who normally need reading glasses . 
A nice touch.The watch is a bit rounder on top than I might have preferred , but really not to big for my smallish wrists . 
Overall , a good purchase and I would recommend it.One more thing . 
If you are worried that the buttons are confusing , or you won't have the instructions when you need them , just do what I did . 
! I smell Chineese junk ... not the boat that floats butthe other stuff that we flush down the toilet . I know that stuff floats too ... junD-k is junkbut some stuff smells like AWDAV ( not Japanese ) 
Setting it proved time consuming , and I simply did not return it due to the fact I hadpromised a " watch " gift to a grandson . 
Bottom line , Casio makes a good , dependable product butsome models are difficult to program . 
. 
I really like the ease of use and simple design . 
This watch not only looks good , but it complements my desert uniforms . 
This watch looks really slick and I liked it a lot . 
However , there are problems . 
It cracked after a year usage and it broke within less than 2yr usage . 
Now I can't wear it . 
it is very slender and works for casual and work wear . 
I would recommend as a day to day watch . 
It's really small and the material is thin , overall , it's flimsy . 
It also seems like a watch for a child . 
it's a cute watch but you need to have child sized wrists to wear it . 
i can wear it but if i bend my wrist it's super tight and hurts . 
and i have regular sized wrists . 
BUT it is sturdy and functional . 
I bought this watch because I was trying to avoid a gigantic watch that swallowed my wrist . 
If I knew then what I know now , I would have gone bigger . 
This is a very handsome watch and the perfect size . 
Just big enough to see clearly but not all hand engulfing . 
I have wanted a watch just like it for a long time and have almost not taken it off except to bathe . 
It has a second hand and is plastic - so washable . 
It's much smaller than I imagined - so I wouldn't get it if your eyesight isn't the best . 
The dial is maybe 2cm in diameter . 
First when I opened I thought that I made a mistake and I bought little girl's watch but when I doubled check and it said women I was really disappointing ! 
Cute watch for children and teenagers maybe 
This is nice for a simple and casual person.She loves it and very happy to wear it anytime.Nice watch 
Hope whoever picks it up has better luck than I did . 
Maybe for a teenager . 
Great little watch that has held up well for the past six months . 
I use it at work ( I am a nurse ) and for everyday wear . 
It's nothing fancy , but I like the fact that it doesn't have jewelry or other pieces that could fall off or get dirty . 
Although this is technically a man's watch , I wear it ( 65 year old woman ) because I wanted a slightly larger size watch than the typical women's watch of this same style . 
It is water resistant , so it can withstand limited exposure to water ( like washing dishes , etc . ) 
I know is cheap and not the best design but my father and mother love it , they don ` t really take care of a luxury watch and need big numbers and this watch is exactly what we were looking for ... 
This is a great watch for the budget conscious . 
Keeps great time , light weight and doesn't get in the way like those enormous watches out there these days . 
This is a watch you can like even if analog-digital isn't your thing . 
The design has been around at least since Arnold Schwarzenegger wore it in ' Kindergarten Cop ' . 
It also comes in a blue version with blue bezel . I call this my ' snorkel ' watch . 
The luminescent hands are quite bright when you first come in from the sun , they seem to last about an hour before fading , so they're for casual use but not , say , serious spelunking . 
That said , they're easy to read in all light levels against the black . 
I have a couple of those too.There ' s nothing not to like about this watch . 
The rubber factory band is fine , but these really look good on a nylon Nato strap ( if you're not familiar with those , google it ) . I found mine for around $ 30 shipped . 
I will buy another . 
Not sure why more people don't talk about this knife . 
It's a chronograph with a little screen for stop watch , date , or another time . 
The dial is a good size . 
Easily visible . 
Doesn't get 5 stars because the North / South dial does not sit right on too of 12 , and the glow in the dark is a little too green for me . 
Wish it was a little more subtle . 
This is a watch you can like even if analog-digital isn't your thing . 
The design has been around at least since Arnold Schwarzenegger wore it in ' Kindergarten Cop ' . 
It also comes in a blue version with blue bezel . I call this my ' snorkel ' watch . 
The luminescent hands are quite bright when you first come in from the sun , they seem to last about an hour before fading , so they're for casual use but not , say , serious spelunking . 
That said , they're easy to read in all light levels against the black . 
I have a couple of those too.There ' s nothing not to like about this watch . 
The rubber factory band is fine , but these really look good on a nylon Nato strap ( if you're not familiar with those , google it ) . I found mine for around $ 30 shipped . 
Prices fluctuate , so do shop around . 
This is a really fine watch with many features . 
I bought this for my son . 
He's worn it swimming , showering , and other sports activities with no issues . 
Keeps really good time . 
Has a nice feel to it - - quality weight , not cheap or flimsy . 
I had one link removed by a jeweler . 
Casio Men's CA53W Databank Calculator Watch . 
Module No . 
3208.One of the things that I really like about this plastic watch is that it is very light in weight at 0.3 ounces . 
I would not wear a big , heavy , clunky watch , no matter how fancy it is . 
I do not need a weather station , compass , and altimeter on my wrist or shirt pocket . 
Some of these fancy watches really overdo things in terms of what I really need.At $ 14.97 , this watch is pretty much in the disposable range when it comes time to replace the battery in five years . 
I tried to replace the battery on one of these watches , but the flimsy rubber water seal broke when I removed the back , and I do not know where to get a replacement rubber seal . 
So , I broke down and spent $ 14.97 ( including shipping ) to get a new watch . 
This watch will be on the back of my clip-on glasses case anyway , held on by a couple of heavy rubber bands under the clip . 
I have been using this Casio model for years , and except for problems replacing the battery , I have not had any other problems with it . 
One thing I would like Casio to add is a button and light for the display.CASIO COMPUTER CO . , LTD . , 6-2 , Hon-machi 1 - chome , Shibuya-ku , Tokyo 151-8543 , Japancasio.com/products/Watches/ 
It works well and has solved many problems when running around at the hardware store . 
I got this for my husband to wear for an 80 ' s theme party , but then my 7 year old started wearing it all the time . 
I am personally fascinated with it and it quickly zoomed to be one of the favorites in my collection 
When a child wearing this watch feels good to give exact prices go very low hopes it can be a little longer battery 
The band is just rubbery plastic but it is so light it's hard to remember I have it on . 
The beep for the alarm and for the on the hour beep which I have turned on are so light and fast no one one it but you . 
It's not bulky at all , so I can comfortably wear it with any long sleeve shirt without the shirt bunching up . 
I just wish the band was tougher though . 
It only lasts about a year before breaking . 
Not a mens watch unless you have little girl arms . 
Dial is very hard to see . 
Just what I was looking for . 
I'd buy from here again .. ' Nuff said.Yes , I would recommend this to a friend . 
Not wearing much , but he as room for growth . 
It's hard to fine shoes for little boys , that have great quality , great price and durable , especially for busy little boys . 
In reading prior reviews , it was hard to say because some said it was too big ; others said it was too small . 
If your kid is new to wearing a size 9 , you might want to order an 8.5 . 
If he is nearing the end of his size 9 days , order a size 9 . 
Get it ? 
I reordered once . 
Despite the sizing issue , I would order this product again . 
the shoe was the right size and it would have fit on my son but there is no toe room . 
how are you supposed to fit this on a kid ! 
i have to admit my boy is built like a linebacker but this shoe has way too small a space from top to sole for anyone to fit there foot in there ! 
Bought these to compliment my grandson's kindergarten graduation suit . 
They fit and worked out quite well . 
In fact he called them his " awesome " shoes ! 
He wouldn't take off his suit or these shoes until bedtime ! 
The shoes are slip-ons ( easy for him to put on by himself ) and very stylish . 
That's why I got them . 
I like that he likes them . 
I didn't like these shoes . 
My son wears a 6 , I ordered a 6.5 , and the shoe opening is so small that I could barely even get the first half of his foot in . 
I'm returning these . 
We bought these shoes for our 7 year old son as he needed a new pair of dress shoes to wear with a suit . 
These Deer Stags had many favorable reviews on Amazon so we gave them a shot . 
When the shoes came , they looked good , felt well made and my son said they felt comfortable on . 
Another nice thing about these shoes is they are versatile enough to be dressy and appropriate with a suit but not so dressy that they look out of place with more casual clothes . 
We found these shoes to be a good buy . 
Good deal for dress shoes that won't be worn much . 
So it could have been how he walked . 
( 18 months old , size 7.5 , huge boy :) ) 
The stitch shoes are the only ones my mom can wear with all her foot problems . 
The crystal is mineral , so no scratches I can see ; the quartz movement is extremely accurate ; the titanium case means it is very light on the wrist ; the 100 m / 330 ft rating means it is truly water resistant . 
It looks good - I have worn it to formal and business occasions . 
This bra fit well at first , but quickly lost support in the cups . 
Now it isn't even wearable . 
Very disappointing . 
I think it runs a little big . 
it was flimsier feeling than I thought it would be . 
I ended up returning it . 
I guess I found my correct size after all . 
The material is a bit soft but it works for me . 
When closed on last hooks metal against skin . 
Jeeze , another 1/8 " of fabric too costly ? 
Straps so narrow / skimpy they dug in . 
I have used it on several trips holding my formal clothes as a carry on . 
My only concern would be that like the others stated it could really use a shoulder strap to carry it with . 
It does start to get a bit heavy after a while . 
Ordered the xxl instead of my normal xl for an added layer under sheerer skirts . 
I'm a 14/16 skirt size . 
Recommend . 
I had a pair of these a few years ago and lost them , so came back to purchase another pair . 
They could use a bit more arch support , in my opinion - but I need a lot of arch . 
I most often wear a 9.5 and these were way too big in a 10 . 
My mom ( who wear a 10.5- 11 ) kept them for herself . 
Size down if you are a half size . 
My foot fits in 9 1/2- 10 B width . 
I ordered the size 9 and there is plenty room-I would order a size down from what you normally wear . 
The sandals look very nice and I've gotten compliments on them already ! 
The problem is , neither held up for a year . 
I recommend these sneakers to anyone . 
Cant ever go wrong with Saucony . 
No breaking in with these , put them on and wear them in comfort . 
Safest shoe to buy online , due to easy fit . 
My son wanted a blue camo backpack and this is perfect . 
Good backpack and I am just as pleased and excited about it as my son is . 
Recommend this to anyone . 
:) 
This is wearing very well , especially compared to some of the more heavily decorated backpacks my child has used over the last couple of years . 
The bag was in the garbage . 
It ripped in the bottom corner , and the hole proceeded to get bigger and bigger rather quickly . 
Disappointed.My son pulled out a Jansport he has had for several years . 
I should've stuck with that brand . 
After returning the watch that I bought I confirmed with Victorinox by email that this watch has been discontinued . 
I may know the reason . 
They cause irritation on the wrist with the slightest pressure such as placing the hand on a table . 
I owned one for many years and gave it to a friend who was in need . 
The one I bought online from a major retailer arrived running with the time and date set . 
This is sad . 
Finally , found a shoe that comes in the M width needed by my husband . 
My husband is a teacher and he wears this type of shoe almost everyday ( except days he wear jeans and tennis shoes ) . 
Rockport is my go to shoes so I went with these for a special occasion ( wedding ) in June .. I've tried them on and they should be ok as this is my normal Rockport size ... so you won't read anymore from me on these unless there's a problem . 
I will , however , try them on again and use them around the house just to make sure as I exist in sneakers and Docksiders since my retirement . 
Quality shoes need to say , is a big brand factory good product . 
Just in time to do activities , cheap , very satisfied with this shopping 
I was stunned by how beautiful these shoes looked when they arrived , the photos do not do them justice . 
I was sad to have to ship it back . 
mens size is not accurate . 
I would not recommend these pants . 
These pants accommodate your EDC every day carry items . 
Most carhartt pants are too high waisted for my husband , but these fit the bill . 
He's 50 . 
We ordered the 32 length which is his usual size and thought they were too long when we got them but after washed , they are a great length and none too short . 
Just right . 
He's glad carhartt is finally seeing a market for the below waist fit . 
I couldn't believe this . 
Going back . 
I ordered the biggest size and I'm not sure even a stick figure could fit into it . 
I have a 29 " waist , and it does have a little stretch giving it some room for different sizes . 
Looks terrific with my lace-top stockings and stiletto pumps ! 
I knew that for the price I wouldn't be getting anything fancy , but they probably could have tried a little harder . 
The one I got was pretty poorly made : the two adjusters on the left side were a pretty obvious cream color which didnt match the white of the actual belt itself and the other two adjusters . 
I dont know how to upload a picture or anything , but that's the closest comparison I can do lol . 
Its really not that big of a deal : I'm going to try to buy bleach to take the color out of those straps and make them match , and I'm either going to try to detach and re-sew them on symmetrically orrrrr just cover that up by sewing on some bows on top . 
Maybe both.But the item is the one shown in the picture , but you never get to see the back . 
Its kinda just like a short bra strap adjuster and thats it . 
Nothing fancy , and nothing really pretty either ... :/ I'm on the smaller side , and this I think would fit a rangle of people with larger hips . 
However , I have maybe 33 " - ish hips and i found this to be a little big . 
I might just cut off the adjuster in the back altogether and it'll fit me right ; the material itself is stretchy enough on its own . 
I own these in several colors . 
Remember to do the triple-dip when you first get it . 
Give the scarf a couple squeezes under the water and let it sit for 20 minutes . 
Submerge the scarf again and soak for another 20 minutes . 
I feel this would be more fall / winter / spring use if anything . 
I was planning on using it hiking in the Arizona desert but I think it's just too heavy . 
In fact , it is so thin that is practically thread bare . 
You can actually see through it . 
Like most foreign products this scarf is not only a waste of money but also a piece of trash - you get what you pay for . 
Colonel 
However , the material leaves a lot of hairs specially if worn with darker clothes . 
Somewhat poor quality , I believe . 
These were perfect ! 
I'm sure I'll be wearing them again ! 
I got them quickly too . 
Good buy ! 
Packaged well , Exactly as shown . 
Good quality . 
I have long legs and they fitted me well . 
lace part has sticky thingy to stuck to thigh but wont hold . 
ok quality product . 
the fishnet holes are too big for toes and all ten of them will come out funny . 
I am 5 ' 6 " and weigh 118 lbs . 
I actually was so frustrated in them that I threw them away . 
These were the first pair of stockings that I purchased and I will probably not buy another pair . 
I DO NOT recommend this product . 
gotta cut the crotch part bigger other wise you cant get in ... if you know what i mean ... ok product . 
I thought it looked great on my lady .. She thought it fit well but was a little rough feeling ... Then again does one plan to wear this very long . 
Awesome item for the price . 
Exactly what I wanted . 
Not much to say ... other than ENJOY ! 
! Just as expected - let your imagination run wild - not much really to add again 
A garter belt is a must because these will not stay on their own . 
Not bad for the price . 
I actually bought a few more pairs after my first pair came . 
They're sexy . 
y boyfriend likes them too ! 
My MIL is the fussiest person I know . 
Major success ! 
The perfect ear muff for me . 
I have a 20 " head band and have difficulty finding earmuffs and hats that fit me well . 
These do not shed as my mink ones or fox do . 
Love these , I get complements on them almost every time we go out . 
I have since bought other robeez shoes and would buy more in the future . 
Robeez is an excellent company that sells these quality shoes for babies and toddlers . 
Really love how it fits . 
The pants are kind of loose but you can fit it using ur imagination . 
Bought it for my son for Purim . 
They looked beautiful in their costumes . 
It also looked much more cheesy and cheap in person than it did in the pictures . 
If you don't have a 36 " inseam , don't order the long . I ordered LL . I have a 34 " inseam , and had to have a tailor take off 4 inches for another $ 25 . L fits my 38 " waist perfectly.They ' re button-fly , which I wasn't expecting but am cool with ... back to the 80s ! 
might seem a little large but it is only in order to feel at ease , so perfect 
I had a pair of these glasses previously and they lasted me about 7 years before scratches on the lenses ( from regular use ) became too much for me to cope with ... that pair is now relegated to bike rides and running . 
I am a big fan as the aviator trend is not for me as they don't fit my face shape . 
Considering these were roughly a 1/3 rd of the cost from the last time I bought them , they're a bargain as well . 
I went one size bigger cause I like to wear it loose . 
Would definitely buy more of this Brand . 
I bought this for my husband . 
He likes them a lot . 
I vontacted amaxom and immediately they replaced it and the new one came and it fit very well . 
Would definitely recommend . 
nice JeanIt fits me very well.nice season wearing such nice Jean.nice weekend nice weather , not nice so many words to type in , not nice Amazon such dirty set . 
Good product and the 35 waist is just what I need . 
These look more like a faded older pair of jeans than the new faded at the factory jeans . 
I like the 514 fit too . 
Very Good . 
These were a Christmas present and he loves them . 
Noticed these jeans tend to shrink in length after washing a few times . 
This was my first online purchase of a Levi's Jean , which are pretty expensive in my country . 
Must say I will never buy a Jean at a store . 
It fits as expected . 
I like these jeans a lot . 
It is after all a budget jean . 
I ordered another atypical color from Levi and the jean basically feels like it's made out of thin cardboard . 
The fit is great at first however they will shrink and fade after a couple of washes so buyer beware 
This is the boyfriend jeans you've been waiting for . 
It may even fit the muscular physiques of the Williams sisters and a couple of tennis balls in the back pockets . 
Mind you , everything else fit just fine . 
The legs are slim but not skinny and the waist , while sitting on the hips . 
were snug enough to hold the pants up . 
To top it off , the fabric quality is atrociously bad . 
I'm going back to the 501s . 
Thanks Levis Strauss for coming up with this slim look ! 
Had a tough time finding something similar to them . 
Levis came to the rescue ... they look better on me than the other name brand . 
The style and fit are fine except they seen very long for a 30 length . 
Hoping they will shrink when washed . 
... this is only AFTER I tried these out at my local department store . 
It seems Levi's have shrunk their size by one or two waist size . I usually buy a size 31 , but for these these jeans even 32 was slightly on the tight side . 
I bought a size 33 expecting it to shrink just a little bit.The color is nice . 
I then made a measurement the waist of the jeans to confirm , and the measurement read 38 " . 
No thanks for cheating my feelings AND giving me the wrong sizes on my pair of jeans , Levis . 
The fit was just off for my body type . 
It fit ok at the waist , but way overly baggy in the seat and thigh . 
It serves it purpose , but almost immediately , the foam in the cups " rippled , " I guess is a good way to describe it . 
It's a cheap product , so don't expect too high of performance out of it . 
Bra is comfy but not pretty AT ALL . 
34B and this bra is perfect . 
I bought this bra as a convertible bra to wear with a backless shirt , however it should be noted up front that the straps only detach in the front , and not the back . 
I normally wear my backless shirt with a convertible bra and one strap looped around the back of my neck , but because the back straps are stitched and cannot be removed , I can't wear it as intended.That said , the bra is really comfy , and I do plan on keeping it around as an everyday bra . 
Just want I needed , I hate going to the store and shopping for hours for bras . 
This bra gives support but you can hardly feel it . 
I really like the look , the comfort and the fit . 
This one works good and is a good type , even if not perfect . 
I do not recommend this product . 
Returning right away ! 
I would go up on the band size next time . 
The construction is decent for the price , except for the plastic snaps where the strap meets the cup ( which seems a common denominator on most basic bras ) . 
Cup and band size seem true to my measurements ( 34D ) ... 
I would buy another one . 
I tried this for 2 days . 
Boo - I was excited to try this bra too . 
It arrived and what was supposed to be a 36D was more like a 34B . 
Fluke maybe ? 
I hoped it would have some padding it but it does not . 
Thanks . 
I really like this bra . 
I am an average 36 D and this bra was so tight I couldn't breathe . 
This time I walked out to the parking lot and she was standing waiting for me wearing a knee high Jacket . 
My first though was " God I miss her " Second though was " aww I guess she didnt do anything special for me this time " That was untill I got about 10 feet from her and she opened up the jacket and was wearing this ! ! 
Now when I tell you I got excited to see her thats just an under statement ! 
I was speechless ! ! 
! 
It looks so good , it's hard to tell that it's fake . 
This box looks nice and seems as if it would be sturdy and hold up , but unfortunately there's not quite enough depth for my husband's watches . 
Most of them tap the glass when the lid is closed ( they're not overly large watches , mostly 43mm ) and when stored in the bottom drawer they scrape the top as the drawer is being closed . 
If you have smaller watches ( my Michael Kors women's watches fit perfectly , but we had planned on sharing the box ) , this would be perfect . 
The bad part is that now it's not enough for all the watches I do have . 
Purchased one pair of these at a local New Balance store ; came home and checked on Amazon ; over 20 bucks cheaper ; ordered these . 
New Balance is one of the only brands that offer wider widths in most sizes and styles . 
I advise going to the store for proper fit then shop on Amazon for price . 
That said , Amazon did not have all the newest styles / models but more than adequate selection for me . 
Returning but getting next size up 
I have tried many shoes during my lifetime but I keep coming back to New Balance for comfort , functionality , and durability . 
There are no " hot spots " in the shoe , and they feel very comfortable when I walk or run . 
The shoe is made of durable materials . 
The leather side panels and toe guard give protection and support to the foot , and the toe strap prevents the big toe from coming through the top of the shoe ( a faulty design seen in many running shoes ) . 
My last pair went for 7 years before having to be replaced , and I expect these will do the same . 
I will purchase another pair of these now because I like them so much ! 
Kone 
I got these for my 64 year old father and he loves them . 
I tied them loose enough that he could slip them on but tight enough they would then stay on . 
He is always talking about how comfortable these shoes are to walk in and for a man who doesn't like change and had been wearing the same pair of slip on sneakers for close to 10 years that's saying a lot ! 
Forget about other websites and hassling with coupon codes , slow shipping , and difficult returns . 
Amazon's free returns and Prime 2 day shipping make buying New Balance from Amazon a no brainer . 
No penalty if you guess the wrong size.This shoe , in particular , was great for both of my oldest sons . 
Black is perfect to disguise dirt and scuffs . 
They wear these daily to school , or just to hang out with friends . 
Thumbs up ! 
A recommend 
Fits as expected though will agree with a prior / recent review , does make your feet appear way larger . 
Can see myself ordering another pair when the time comes . 
These are great retro looking shoes.They are very comfy so far , only time will tell if they last very long 
After years of wearing it through the sole i decided to purchase another pair that's how much I loved the shoe . 
Well after a week of wearing the shoe the part between the sole and toe had ripped and the shoe became unwearable . 
This is just what I was looking for . 
The quality is good and the price is perfect . 
I wear it every day , so I guess we'll see how long it will last . 
I have never spent this much money on a pair of sunglasses before , usually content with the $ 10 variety but I decided that my eyes were worth the splurge and I'm so glad I did ! 
I was worried that the glass lenses would make them feel too heavy but I haven't found that to be the case at all . 
Everything appears crystal clear through the lenses and it was like seeing clearly for the first time ! 
As an added bonus , the hard case that came with them is wonderful and a great place to keep them protected when I'm not wearing them . 
It is hard to find a wallet that has enough slots for all the credit cards much less expand to fit . 
Looks to be high quality material . 
This is perfect for what I could not find in the stores . 
Thought there could have been more space where you could slide paper but it was sewn down . 
Read previous reviews about the product not wearing well but we will wait and see . 
Not sure what it is . 
We are hoping the smell will dissipate soon . 
Smell is the reason for 4 stars . 
Actually has enough spots to store customer courtesy cards ( coffee , etc ) without losing them . 
Lots of places for cards . 
Decent quality for the price . 
I have always like Mundi wallets and then one is no exception . 
Over time , my wallet was crammed with more crap than I knew what to do with . 
Even if I sat down to discard some of the most unnecessary crap , I found that I was never able to get rid of anything . 
So , if you can't beat ' em ; join ' em . 
Which is what I did . 
This is the first wallet that I can actually carry my checks in without straining the snaps ... of which , there are two that will allow me to add more crap . I have nothing negative to say about this item . 
It was a perfect purchase for me ! 
Wanted something functional and with a little pizzaz . 
Seems well made and that it will last . 
I finally broke down and purchased this wallet after months of waffling ... not because of the wallet itself but the fact that I had to decide to give up my old wallet which had fallen apart . 
The wallet was just as described . 
When I need another wallet I will definitely order from amazon again . 
Good quality , and everything I need in a wallet . 
Even enough pockets for all of my " plastic " . 
 
It has all the credit card slots and zippered pockets and check register like my old wallet had that was just worn out . 
I'm thinking of ordering it in other colors to have as backups for when this one gets worn because it is the first one I've found that is as good as my old wallet . 
good watch for the price . 
looks and operates as described . 
smaller than the large watches , but nice dress watch . 
Makes it really easy to see . 
It fits right in with day to day schedule . 
I didn't like the black face and found the time too difficult to read . 
The size is excellent for a women's watch , but I thought the gold accents looked tacky and some users said they scratched off . 
It does have the moveable outer ring for timing dives . 
This is my second Invicta watch and I really appreciate their quality . 
The fit is great , the watch goes wherever I do , and I can rely on it wholeheartedly . 
I haven't got my reading glasses out to see what the little gold letters say on the watch , but my daughter read them out loud to me . 
An attractive and expensive looking watch that keeps near perfect time . 
I like the look and feel of the watch , and it continues to attract attention wherever I go . 
Classic design by Invicta . 
Expect nothing but excellence when purchasing an Invicta . 
I wanted a watch that would pass for quality to the lay person . 
I was not expecting much because of how cheap this watch was , but it really looks like a watch that you could get for $ 15 bucks somewhere else . 
I will add that I do not know much about watches , but my wife and I took it out of the box and instantly decided we should return it . 
If you are going to go with a cheap watch and don't care , I would just say to get a simple one from walmart or something . 
This watch will not fool people for being high-end . 
I am just going to save up for something a little nicer looking . 
Edit - you can see my previous review below.When the watch arrived the movement was not working . 
It periodically would be 3-4 minutes off but I would adjust it and move on with my life.Then it really started getting bad , it would be off my 15-45 minutes and finally completely quit . 
I thought , " no problem " I'll just return it to Amazon ! 
However , I looked and saw that I was 48 hours past the return date . 
" Ok , " I thought ... no problem , I'll just return it to Invicta ! 
Then I looked and saw that there is a $ 28 shipping charge for warranty service.So I bought a $ 50 watch , replaced the $ 15 battery and am now expected to pay $ 28 to get it fixed . 
No thanks . 
I'm done throwing good money after bad . 
The watch is trash , do not buy it ! ! ! 
Which begs the question , why doesn ' the seller just change the description ? 
Not as wide as previous purchases and based on other reviews sized up ( I wear a 1/2 size ) . 
For me , they are best worn with socks for better fit . 
I would like to get a pair in black , brown , or olive green . 
These are just the thing . 
I ordered larger than I wear because I require an orthotic or nice insert.These do feel a little heavy , but for the jobs and short duration tasks I'll be using them for , plus I can just rinse them off ... it's worth it . I expect these will last years ... 
She loves them . 
These are exactly what i need when working in the garden . 
These don't seem to do that . 
They are getting a little bigger as I wear them . 
I normally wear between a 7 and 7 1/2 but bought an 8 to make sure my heal wasn't uncomfortablely hitting the back . 
Beautiful ! 
My daughter loves them ! 
They fit her just right ! 
They are perfect in every way , and don't look or feel like plastic . 
What a great buy ! 
This shoe is it ! 
I usually wear a size 9 , but the 9s were too short , so I had to exchange them for a 10 , and they are perfect . 
If you want to wear these shoes with socks , definitely go for the larger size ! 
Super colors and very fast shipping . 
Don't get the insides too wet or the insole moves around and bunches up - that , I did not like . 
This is a durable hat with good fit and does what it supposed to while remaining washable . 
This hat is well made and keeps it shape . 
It is heavier than others but I guess that is the tradeoff for keeping it's shape . 
Overall a good hat for sun protection . 
i'm 53 years old , 5 ' 7 " normal build , with a desk job .. and because of that , i have a big gut , so i ordered 2x large . 
they fit me good , no problems . 
i intend to use these shirts for camping only , but of course would like to look normal if i get stuck going into town . 
they fit me good . 
i washed / dryed them once in the machines and they came out fine ( with static ) . 
i'm ok with that . 
for me , they suit my purpose . 
You can buy this same shirt at Walmart for the same or less , but I wanted to give it a try . 
The fit is good . 
No show-thru . 
It fit as expected but the shirt tends to stretch out of shape when wearing . 
I thought I would try a shirt that is 100 % cotton but this one needs a little spandex in it to help hold the shape . 
I will keep it and continue to wear it though . 
Who are we kidding ? 
Why pay 3X as much in a store ? 
the leather is beautiful and soft . 
beautiful workmanship . 
awesome . 
To be honest , I wanted to buy an ordinary wallet , get this stuff when I was very surprised , it looks big , can be used as a hand wrapped . 
Since I wasn't able to track down the exact version of my stolen wallet , I went on a search , scouring every store's inventory , only to be totally disappointed at the selection . 
After searching for a few months , I found this wallet online , and it looked like it might fit the bill . 
I don't care for the smell , but I can't send it back because it's perfect in every other way . 
( it's kind of a plastic-chemical smell , belch ! ) 
The fold is perfect , as one side is higher than the other , and it automatically closes like that each time . 
I like it because I'm already used to the higher / lower sides , and know which holds money , and which holds cards . I really love this wallet ... thanks so much for a great product ! 
Doesn't get better . 
Wow ! 
It only react all the surrounding this purse ! 
Recommend to everyone ! 
They came in an attractive jewelry box and were delivered earlier than estimated . 
I have narrow feet and it's hard to find shoes that fit well . 
I liked these shoes but they just felt a little snug in the width . 
These fit perfect ; which is saying something with my feet ! 
Just enough room in the toe box ; and not sloppy at the heel . 
They are a bit more ' substantial ' than some other models of Skechers ! 
I don't think I would wear them for an entire day of walking ; but still comfortable and well made ! 
In the picture it's reddish-brown ; in person , I would consider it a dark tan or a light brown . 
I was concerned that it might be too heavy , but it's not any heavier than some of my tennis shoes , 2 . 
I was concerned that I would have to go up 1/2 size because of the fur lining . 
I wear a 7 1/2 and the shoes fit perfectly . 
The tread is great for snow , not DEEP snow , obviously , but good traction on light snow . 
Secondly , they are too heavy to not have flexibility . 
Finally , there is zero cushioning . 
I can't see what anyone likes about this shoe except its looks ( which is why I gave it 2 stars ) . 
I hope to see this change as I really think they are cute . 
Please , Skechers ! 
Improve this product ! 
I would recommend these if you are looking for something more than a shoe but less than a boot for the winter . 
Though they run larger than I expected I thought I could just adjust the bungee cord , but that the bungee cord shown on the shoe is for looks only ! 
I cannot however speak to how long they would last . 
i have purchased several of these over the years , still my favorite water shoes , very comfy and last pretty long time 
They are a nice looking shoe , comfortable and would probably fit someone with a high instep . 
Wished they had worked as I was looking forward to wearing them on vacation . 
I like them , but they gave me blisters the first day . 
I'm going to put a cotton ball with bandage on my toe the next time I walk . 
For me Skechers shoes have never let me down on the comfort side . 
Unfortunately , I have to say that this shoe did let me down . 
I wear a 9 & saw they only had an 8.5 , but ordered any way & couldn't believe it--they fit ! 
Was iffy about buying boots online--but this purchase was worth it . 
Would recommend :) . 
! 
The picture truly does not do them justice . 
Returned boots . 
Not quite what I expected . 
I did not care for lacing boot up . 
I am returning these boots . 
They fit well and are made well , but I do not like the top where the zipper ends . 
Since I planned to wear these over skinny jeans , it just looks funny where it doesn't come together well . 
If that doesn't bother you , they are great boots . 
But it sure did bother me . 
:/ 
Believe the hype . 
Allen Edmonds makes excellent shoes and have great customer service as well.For most of my life I had the firm belief that dress shoes were supposed to be uncomfortable . 
Until I tried these . 
I want to eventually buy a pair of Strands for everyday use because I know I won't be wearing the plain cap toes as often as I would love to . 
My wife always says you can save money on a lot of things , but when it comes to shoes , don't skimp . 
With shoes , you generally get what you pay for . 
Most of the day I was on my feet . 
I put these shoes on in the morning , wore them for 13 hours straight , up and down stairs , to and from a lunch meeting and other meetings , on city sidewalks , to and from and through an evening reception , etc . , and I never once thought of my feet ( other than looking down to admire how damn nice these shoes looked ) . 
I ordered this , and the sports version which I got at an amazing selling price of 19 buckeroos . I had never seen nor worn a contour bra before.This thing is like a " falsie " bra with the falsies built in ! 
You could be totally flat chested , and wha laaaa ! 
The le mystere to the rescue . ! ! ! 
! Well , I am anything but flat chested . 
These bras I will keep , since I got both at good prices and perhaps I will get used to them.They seem bulky under my clothes , but I am used to Wacoal which is simply fabric supporting my breasts . 
( by the way , I hate the term " girls " ... ) Anyway . 
what more can I say ... I can't believe that people actually like these bras ... they are not really bras , in my opinion , but rather like I say : falsies built in to a bra . I suppose , if you were someone with uneven breasts , or someone who needed a prosthesis , these bras would be good ... for the everyday person tho , I'm skeptical . 
They do make you feel very large breasted ... you are aware of your large breasts when wearing the bra ... whether this is good or bad we'll have to see . 
I've read reviews on this bra and know that it was an Oprah favorite . 
I decided to finally give it a try and have not been disappointed . 
! 
after reading the reviews for this bra I took the plunge and tried it . 
it seems to be very heavy neoprene , there will be no ' nips ' showing thru . 
Also , trying on this bra ... You know how we do ladies , put bra on backwards to close the hooks and turn to the front . 
It was a struggle to turn this bra around to the front . 
Liked this bra , fits good , just a little itchy in some areas on the straps , band and arm pit area . 
That might go away after a couple uses and washing though . 
The band is too tight , and I wore it for weeks in hopes it would stretch out.The outside edge of the underwires are curved too much toward the center of the chest . 
I had to bend the underwires just to be able to wear the bra.The adjustable straps do not have enough length to adjust for me , so I suffer dig-in , and this is the worst of all . 
Every day my shoulders and the tops of my breasts where the straps meet the cups were red from pulling and irritation.The bra simply fits too small.And that lace cami part ? 
It shows as little bumps through every garment except a Fair Isle sweater . I would have returned it , but it was too late by the time I was finished with trying to make it work . 
It washes up nicely and this brand doesn't wear out or stretch out . 
Edited review : I've noticed that with consistent use of this bra that the lace and stuff edges of the bottom of band get somewhat scratchy and irritating after awhile . 
The top lace edge of the cups can also show up some under some fabrics so it is not a perfect t-shirt bra.Original review : Fits well . 
Seems to be seamless . 
The lace at the top edge helps prevent gapping and visible seams at the top edge of the cup . 
I'm noticing that the straps seem not to lie completely flat at the inner scalloped edges but will update if this becomes a bigger problem . 
The straps are somewhat wide-set so if you have narrow or curved ( bad posture ) shoulders , they could be problematic . 
I am very satisfied with my purchase . 
I would recommend this to anyone looking for a comfortable everyday bra . 
The lace on this one takes it to another level . 
Unfortunately the size wasn't right for me so have to return it . 
I will definitely order another size . 
After trying many bras that claim to have excellent lift and support , I have finally found one that actually does ! 
It's pretty too . 
I resisted because of the price but now have to admit it's worth itI 
I didn't expect this to be the real thing by any stretch of the imaginary when I purchased it . 
But I didn't expect it to be real dollar store quality like it was . 
Would not recommend this to anyone . 
Living in Tampa , you get to dress up like a pirate for multiple occasions . 
Halloween and Gasparilla being the two main ones . 
I will continue to wear this for future events . 
I'm pretty particular about getting high quality and good value . 
No , this is not a status watch box for the discerning connoisseur , but it works as expected and doesn't look bad doing it . 
These were very cute . 
They run big ! They started getting holes by the end of one wear , however . 
One of them came with a slight yellow stain . 
I wore them anyway because I did not have time to replace . 
These will go with my chauffeur outfit when driving family around for a special event . 
I ordered because of the brand , my last pair lasted 6years and finally the sole began separating from the shoe , well after than many years a person would expect that . 
These were a bit snug , but I was always told Eastland shoes fit the same way every time you put them on . 
However , like any plastic flop the toe part will give you blisters ! ! ! 
I continue to wear them just so I can feel the pain to know my feet are alive  
My friends dog chewed her favourite pair of flip flops so I got her these to replace them . 
They were delivered very quickly too . 
Thank you . 
Come on Summer ! 
Very very loose very large . 
Only for extremely puffy or supper high arch feet . 
Let Oprah have them ... and I love our Oprah . 
Don't buy these , 
And not grossly overpriced like all-too-many of their competitors . 
I love this brand of flip flop , and these pretty much fit as expected and work as expected . 
The actor I had wearing this mask wanted to keep it ha ! 
Just don't walk into a bank wearing one of these ok . 
i wear a size 7 3/4 hat and this fits over my noggin very comfortably . 
ribbit . 
A bit on the tight side , but I have a large head . 
Eye-loop string broke , but that just made this into a cyclops mask , really . 
Not a problem . 
Not as well made as I thought it would be and the color was off some minor pulls in the material 
so , im not a crook . 
I never did figure out how to set this and neither has anyone else I've asked . 
The time is correct twice a day , though . 
Cheap and time worthy.Bought for a gift for teenagers that will want to wear it in the sea . 
Got one for myself too 
I've had this watch for 6 years - it's my every day , every situation watch . 
Wear it , abuse it , forget it's on.It ' s not itchy and it doesn't pull your arm hairs . 
These sweatpants look and feel nice but are too short for a 5 ' 8 " teenage boy . 
He has to wear them low on his waist to fit for now . 
These pants are a tad bit smaller than I thought but it's all good because in winter you don't want your clothes flapping around anyway . 
I wear them all the time while running now . 
My husband has needed more sweatpants for years and refused to give up the old ones ; however , he seems happy with these . 
I have not washed them yet and hope they don't shrink badly . 
I used to buy these all the time but I think I'm done . 
The quality of stitching and even the material itself is not as good as before . 
I buy for my husband you simply cannot wear out Russell the material is excellent ! 
Buy your husband or grandson perhaps a pair today ! 
Know the old saying you get what you pay for ? 
You won't regret it I promise ! 
The pants were very long . 
Maybe more suited for a female . 
Lightweight and fit as requested is very satisfactory and as requested . 
Overall I'm satisfied with my purchase since they were only about $ 16 so my expectations were not extremely high to begin with . 
their ok ... bt I found that my right pocket was sewed to my inseam ... lol ... not cool ... I separated with a scissor so its ok now ... but not what I expected . 
I use them because it would of been a headache for me to send them back ... I use them at the gym ... its ok ... but I expect better 
However , I can get the same ones , different brand that will pill at my local retail stores for less $ $ . The elastic waist fits as expected . 
One other thing that I do like , is the pockets are actually deep & come partially up my arm , about a third of the way . 
My son really enjoys this watch in terms of reliabilty and capability to use as a diving watch . 
My husband is an EMT and fireman so needed a watch like this . 
Looks better in person than in the picture too . 
I was a little worried at first , but this hasn't let him down ! 
I just wanted a nice , simple watch to wear as an everyday / non-dressy add-on and this watch works perfectly . 
cheap and time worthy Bought it for teenagers that want to wear it in the sea . 
Got one for myself too 
Not a big watch person but use this for timing myself in the gym and its really a great watch . 
I have small wrists and it actually has a setting which fits with no spinning . 
I've had it for several years and its never lost a second ! 
Worth the money ! 
My only quarrel is that if I pick it up at night to see the time , chances are only 50-50 that I'll get it right side up and hit the light button - if I pick it up upside down , I've changed the display from a 12 hour clock to 24 . 
But that's a minor irritation . 
Hardly know that I have it on . 
Take my review with a grain of salt - I merely purchased this watch to be able to tell time while I play with my preschooler in conditions involving everything from water to mud to paint , and playdough . 
Come to find out ( and rightly so ) constantly checking your phone even if it is to check the time , is utterly rude in social situations . 
So I bought this awesome watch and now I no longer suffer hateful stares or inpatient grumbling from friends . 
This is perfect for someone looking for a basic watch . 
I'm outdoorsy and don't usually like wearing watches because of them catching on sleeves and such , but this is almost small enough to avoid that . 
My favorite things are that you have easy buttons , modes , and that the hourly alarm can be turned off , which was a major selling point for me ( I hate beeping watches in classrooms or meetings ... ) The color isn't too bold , either , which is perfect because I'm generally not a pink kind of girl . 
I just got this watch and like it so far.only drawbacks are that I can't figure out all of the buttons yet but I am sure I will in time . 
Also it looks a little odd to me paired with my yellow gold rings.sort of doesn't match with them . 
Excellent for men or women rings . 
Good quality . 
Will get another soon . 
Compact and durable . 
Better than sifting through my jewelry box trying to find the right ring . 
Helps me keep track of where they are / 
This was purchased for a seven year old , so the small size was acceptable . 
When I wanted to buy another two for more gifts , this style was no longer for sale on amazon . 
Bad planning on my part , but I did not have a crystal bal ! 
Bought several types from Amazon for gifts for granddaughters between ages of 5 and 11 . 
Can dress them up a little and dress them down . 
Goes well with any set of jeans that fit you . 
Own many ECCO's and have never been let down . 
Nice looking = bonus . 
I have very mixed feelings about these shoes . 
I like that i have plenty of room in the front . 
It's really the back of the shoe that has knocked off a star on this review . 
It took me approximately a month to really break in the heels . 
Everything else was comfortable from the get go and oddly enough the left shoe took longer to break in than the right shoe , it didn't rub as badly on the Achilles heel . 
I wish they were fancy enough for work , but alas , no . 
The front is very roomy and sturdy . 
You simply cannot go wrong on these shoes , at least in this style . 
For the price worth every penny . 
What more do you need ? 
They fit as sized . 
Sizing was confusing online and shoes were way too big - I should have tried on the shoes in a retail store first to check size . 
I had to remind her that Amazon guaranteed " free " returns so she gave me a free return . 
No problem there , sent me a mailing label for UPS and I sent it back . 
Was credited to my account today , with no problem.The customer service is very important to me as much as a good quality product . 
The shoes were very well made and I was impressed with the quality . 
However , they did not seem to have as much arch support as I would have preferred . 
Could not have really evaluated fit and comfort since they were so big . 
I would have liked to have had a chance to try them , but could not reorder since I had no idea about size . 
I need something with a firm fit and wide toe and high toe . 
This is the shoe for that . 
They never feel tired after a day in these shoes . 
I love my Keen's sandals but can't quite wear them in winter , so I ordered the Presidio shoe based on the reviews . 
They went back almost right away ... they seriously hurt my feet ! 
I wore them around the house for a little while but found them rubbing my left foot just below the ankle , and they had TOO MUCH support for the metatarsal area . 
Way too stiff with a very hard insole . 
My feet were aching badly . 
It felt like I'd been wearing those Dr . School's wooden clog / sandals we all used to wear in the 1970s ! 
Then I ordered the PowerStep inserts that I have used in less supportive sneakers , and they did not work at all . 
Four different insoles and my feet ached every time.If you don't have problem feet , these may be fine for you , but if you need firm but gentle support , I wouldn't recommend them . 
The backpack is much smaller than it appears to be in the picture . 
A bit heavier to carry than I thought it would be , but has great pockets for several things and is well padded . 
I actually like bright colors , easy to find me in a crowd . 
Lots of pocket for other items and organization . 
Heavy Duty zippers , padded straps ; place for water bottle , and the bright color and pattern are stunning 
I have had about 2 months and some of the seems are coming loose . 
Also I thought it had a smaller pocket in the front above the lower pocket . 
I plan on replacing this bag in the next few months . 
I had this backpack for about a year now , and I wear it everyday to school . 
Oh ! 
My daughter didn't have a problem with this bag . 
It has all the right pockets in all of the right places . 
My 11 year old son loves this bag , makes him look cool and is a really better way to carry stuff than a backpag . 
It is sturdy and even if I see this bag thrown on the floor and stepped on , it is still in one piece ! 
This is a great alternative for the much more expensive messenger bags out there . 
I was seeking a reasonably priced messenger type bag for my 10 year old daughter . 
This bag meets and exceeds our needs and expectations.In a single bag , she can carry her school books , assignments and the day's lunch.The bag is made of durable material , seams are well constructed and the bag has an overall excellent quality feel and make for this price point . I expect a bag like this to last two school years which I believe it will.With so many colors / designs to choose from , you're sure to find what you need at a very reasonable price . W 
It fits a ton of stuff with no pulling at the seams or straps . 
EASY TO REACH FOR EVERYTHING INSIDE AND LOTS OF STORAGE INSIDE AND OUT . 
A main compartment that is large and expandable ( to a degree ) . 
VERY well made . 
Bought this for a 5 day vaca to Ba ha mas so we did not have to pay to check our luggage . 
Had plenty of room . 
This is a super cool back back ! 
I feel like a super-spy when I wear it . 
It has oodles of pockets and a cool rain-cover that comes out of a bottom pocket . 
There is a cell phone pocket on one of the straps . 
A pocket for pencils and other office supplies . 
Like I said , heavy duty multipurpose back pack ! 
This bag is PERFECT because it has so much room ! 
my son is so hard on backpacks , it was thick material , he is happy with it , came quick , good price 
I bought the black print with hot pink . 
You should try something else . 
My son is in 7th grade and brings home a lot of heavy books and binders . 
I'm sending it right back . 
If you're looking for a sturdy , well made backpack that can fit a lot of books , this is NOT the one for you . 
The colors are very bright and it a heavier book bag . 
I actually returned it cuz It came and was too of a nice size so never fully used it but I'm sure if I had it would had been wonderful . 
I needed a new backpack bad , and this looked like a good one for me . 
I ordered it to carry around a few notebooks and 1 or 2 texbooks at a time , and occasionally my monster laptop ( 17 " ) . 
The max I could fit is probably a couple notebooks with 2 textbooks , or my laptop , 1 textbook , and a couple notebooks . 
There are 2 bottle holders which fit a good sized water bottle . 
NOTE : I haven't had it in the pouring rain quite yet . I've ready many of these and they say that the seams are bad and it rips apart easily . 
It's been a month , and I haven't yet seen any evidence of breaking or tearing , and the seams and zippers seem to be put together well to me , considering I make pretty heavy use of this ( my O-Chem textbook is pretty big ... ) . Overall , it works quite well . 
ONLY complaint is that if you fill up the biggest compartment , you can't fit anything in the second compartment , as there is no " floor space " in the second compartment . 
In other words , anything you put in the biggest compartment just pushes into the second compartment and takes up all the space there . 
We thought the character ones would cut it . 
But , being in 3rd grade , books are getting bigger and his folders are too . 
So , it all wouldn't fit . 
and really nice price on amazon 
I'm not a hiker . 
Definitely recommend this brand based on this single great experience . 
Fantastic quality , plenty of room , pockets and clip in the front for gym shoes , water bottle or whatever else you can think of . 
However , I don't think the thumb-holes are talked about in the description . 
Shipped on time , came in perfect shape , no problems what so ever . 
I would buy another one of these backpacks , I love it that much . 
I'm a teacher and this fits my laptop and a bunch of papers with room to spare . 
The colors are great ( maybe the pink is more pink and less purple than the picture but it is pretty close to the picture ) . 
8 year old grandson loves it for school . 
He uses everyday and it has held together very well despite how much he throws it around . 
I wanted a bag that had a middle pouch for my pickle ball racket . 
! 
Bought this for an outdoorsman friend of mine . 
Very easy to rip and not much good for anything . 
Nope 
This backpack lasted for about one good school year ( 9 months ) . 
It eventually tore at the seams but it did the job . 
Though the description said lilac and purple , I hadn't expected a brilliant shade of it . 
The zips and the straps are good and sturdy . 
This thing has lots of room when you want it and pulls up tight when you don't . 
I used it to lug all my paraphernalia when traveling with more photo equipment than I should have , but no problem for this pack . 
I actually have people ask me all the time where I got it . 
I can shove soooo much stuff in here . 
Ranging from weekend trips with all the things a girl needs to carrying around 25 rolled up shirts for our band to sell in Austin during SXSW . 
Like other reviewers said , one of the little sewn on straps broke and frayed shortly after I got it but other than that this baby can withstand my lifestyle . 
these beads were the right price and the right size for my purpose . 
I would recommend them to another person 
Bought it for my daughter who watches Dr McStuffins and plays doctor with her stuffed animals.She is only 5 but wears size 6 clothing already . 
I bought this intentionally large so she could grow into it . 
She thinks it's very fun to dress up in and I feel with the amount of times she's worn it for play ( and to school for career day ) it's been worth every penny :) 
This is a great little coat for any junior scientist . 
I would recommend this . 
Fits a little bigger which I like because it will fit my daughter longer.She loves it and the dress resembles the one on her plush Snow White dolls and she got so excited when she wore it ! A + 
Very pretty costume , granddaughter don't want take it off , she truly loves it , would buy another sometime soon , recommend for anyone , truly beautiful . 
First impressions : THESE LOOK AWESOME ! The Pros : Cheap " ish " The Cons : These things provide NO ankle support .. just walking around with these for a few minutes and I almost rolled my ankle ( walking on FLAT ground ) - - I couldn't imagine actually wearing these in any kind of actual combat sim.Returned right awayWorth the Money / Would I buy this item again ? 
: No 
I wear an 11 and previous reviews said they ran huge and so I ordered a 10 and it was too small . 
I would recommend ordering them in your size 
I am a bit hesitant to review this coat as I haven't used it in any really heavy rain . 
The snaps on the front zipper flap are very stiff . 
I am somewhat weary about fabric claims after shopping on Eddie Bauer ... The jury is still out if my friend's Cardhartt will breathe close to Gore Tex , will update you later ... This has exceptional tailoring and pockets ... Can fit over a sport coat ... Can be used for construction or commercial fishing for even the zipper has double snap protection ... The adjustment for the hip is nice but the fabric bunches up ... This much heavier than i thought and he can not wear this in a normal summer at all.Just Fall , winter and spring ... 
Sure wish I had purchased these shoe trees years ago to prevent my dress shoes from curling up on the toes when I do not wear them frequently . 
I recommend these to anyone in need of shoe trees . 
They absorb moisture and odors and keep the shoes in the right shape . 
Cedar has the added bonus of just smelling nice . 
I have nothing to comment . 
Nothing short of awesome . 
Would not hesitate to recommend . 
The cedar is dense and aromatic , the heels of the trees are not skimpy as with some other brands , and the spring mechanism has enough heft to keep the shoebox taught and crease-free . 
I would recommend anyone who buys them to wipe them off when they first get them though . 
Mine came covered in cedar dust and I accidentally got it on my table when checking them out . 
These are very sturdy shoe trees . 
The shoe trees are pricey so I will see how they perform over the years . 
This review would not allow me to make a response until I indicated how the product fit .. ? ? ... 
It's shoe polish for heavens sake , but who knows why they had to ask . 
I would recommend this polish to anyone who wants to provide the best care for their shoes . 
I would recommend using a soft horse hair brush to buff to a shine after letting the polish sit on the shoe until it is dry . 
It should take no more than 10 minutes in normal conditions for it to dry . 
I've heard their other black cream works a little better though so I might try that one out next time.My one complaint is that the cap for the polish is junk . 
It barely tightens on and easily falls off . 
Pretty , but the arch fit my foot all wrong . 
I am 5 ' 10 and wear a size 11 . 
I tried on 26 different hiking shoes , boots , and even trail running shoes at REI.The sales guy even had me try on some men's boots ! The ball of my foot is wide and the heel is narrow.Also I have really thin ankles , which can be trouble.FINALLY I tried these on and they fit like a dream.Enough ankle support , but not too heavy.My heel doesn't slide around , ample room in the toe box.My toe doesn't rub against the front side ( I have callouses on my big toesbecause they hit every shoe I have ever owned ) I am not backpacking or anything so weight isn't an issue for me.But they seem light for a mid . 
I haven't tried the waterproof aspect yet.They seem sturdy and I am hoping they last a long time . 
I like the look of the boot too , it's nice . I have worn them every single day since I got them . I am a jeans and Tshirt kind of girl , and I wear these everywhere.Errands , around the neighborhood , dinner , everywhere . 
So far so good . 
No breaking in time needed.No blisters , no discomfort when I get back home , my feet don't feel tired after hiking in them.So I am really , very happy with this purchase . 
I ordered this boot in Slate Black / Flint Stone in a 6 1/2 . 
My foot is 6 1/2 , medium width and I have a good arch . 
These shoes fit perfect with lots of toe room . 
They provide good support including the heel and ankle . 
They are lightweight , not heavy like some boots . 
I can jog in them . 
I initially ordered this hiking shoe in a 9 and found that I needed one half-size up . 
The toebox allows for comfortable fit for wider feet and I chose the Targhee II mid because it offers stability on uneven ground . 
My daughter has wanted these for awhile and I know she hikes and takes on mountains . 
Looking forward to reviews when they are taken out for a spin . 
Let me just say these are worth a look at least ! 
I put them on and immediately fell in love - probably one of the most comfortable shoes I've ever put on my feet . 
They are like walking on clouds . 
The only thing that I would change is I wish they were a tad taller . 
I think they fit true to size . 
I will write another review after some wear and tear . 
I like the boot but I have to send it back . 
I tried a 7 and my toe rubbed the tip of the boot , but the rest of the boot fit my foot nicely . 
I tried a 7.5 and it is too sloppy on my foot . 
The boot does not fit well enough for hiking , even with a thick sock . 
I'm usually a size 9 ( which I ordered ) and every once in a while my toes hit the ends so maybe if given the opportunity again I would have ordered a 9.5 but it's not enough discomfort to complain about . 
I'm pretty picky about needing arch support , which these have . 
Great boot for walking , hiking especially over uneven terrain with a dog who pulls on the leash a lot ! 
I wear medium weight socks with it . 
They are not clunky at all . 
I expected this to be inky black and to be very luxurious looking in the fabric and finish due to the price and reviews , but it looks incredibly cheap . 
The black isn't black black , and the edges and piping are cheapy looking . 
Plus , the cups are saggy and too big right now , even though I wear a 36D . 
I am seeing if I'll grow into this when my milk comes in but I wouldn't buy another . 
It's just an unattractive fit . 
I really wish this would have fit . 
Looked comfy and couldn't wait to try it on ! 
Very disappointed . 
The bra shelf is VERY thick . 
Didn't fit . 
I ordered the black tank in 34F / G . 
I am somewhere between a 34GG and 36H right now in bras . 
This did not fit at all . 
Not even close to getting it over my boobs . 
So I returned it . 
I knew I was probably pushing it since this is sized for an F / G but it's really hard to find a nursing tank out there for someone my size . 
It looked nice though and if you are truly a F / G it might actually fit . I also ordered the Glamourmom Full Bust Nursing Bra Top in long and that actually fits pretty well . 
If you're in my size range I would definitely go with that over this . 
I like the idea of this , it's a nursing bra and tank in one , but it actually runs a bit small on me ( I wear the size Medium Bravado Body Silk Seamless nursing bra ) . 
So I'd get a size up if I was to buy another one . 
I'm satisfied but not over the moon about this one , and I do LOVE my Bravado seamless bras . 
Oh , and the nursing snap / attachments are different / more annoying than on their bra - I like the clip on the bra much better . 
Too long in the arms and length for my 8 year old ( she wears an 8-10 girls ) and for $ 40 the seams should be finished ! 
I had to do it by hand since the fabric was so thin my sewing machine kept " eating " it . 
The " belt " is printed piece of cut fabric that ties in the back and the wig had hardly any hair on the top . 
we ordered this for a Star Wars party . 
The dress itself is rather large . 
I debated sizes but went smaller and it fit perfectly . 
Very pretty and a sure classic . 
Have been wearing it almost every day since it arrived . 
This chain is very thin , but it is exactly what I need and it is very pretty . 
I bought this necklace to replace the chain . 
For the price and quality , it would be hard to find a nicer thin sterling silver chain . 
:( I don't know how folks do it , but these were impossible for me to get closed right . 
I was so determined to get them in , but it just wasn't happening . 
Near miss each and every time and it was so hard to see the back of my ear . 
lol . 
I even tried what one reviewer suggested , putting them in from the back first , nope . 
:) 
I am a guy and I had to have someone put these in for me . 
That is what I wanted but the fasteners are tricky . 
I wish I had returned them . 
I bought a pair of shoes that although the right size , still saw my heels lifting in the back as I walked . 
Very frustrating since they are exactly the shoes I wanted excepted for the weird heel cup . 
She said the dark brown will go with a lot and look a bit dressy . 
Well somewhat impressed by Clark's , sharp style , only wish all the shoes would fit the same , exampleif you order a 12N in this sandal fine , another style in Clarks might be a bit wider or slimmer , starting to understand toOok at the soles , the name of the soe goes bu the sole and once you jave the fannette sole with that name ncludingyoursembrace in the description will fit Beautifully . 
Clark's perhaps can include " s " for us slim feet , large size , we are a customer always on the hunt for quality and style and as said not bad , just need to wear thicker sock with these , would do the trick . 
Thanks Again 
The placement of the Velco adjustable straps are in the right places . 
I usually buy a similar shoe for 40.00 more and wanted to try the Clark . 
I saved 40.00 from Alegria shoe . 
I got these in the correct size . 
Somehow on my feet , they just looked glunky . 
They just didn't work for me.Sorry to send them back , but I knew I wouldn't wear them much or not at all . 
They fell apart after a few months . 
theses slippers are very cushiony and do not slip off my feet . 
They are slip resistant and the material is soft . 
I have no problems wearing these around the house 
I bought these for my husband and he loves them . 
The shoe is a real hassle to put on . 
Little to no arch support . 
Returned to Amazon . 
Bought these for my sons who are heard wearers . 
They also look attractive - casual / active wear shoes . 
I recently discovered this entire shoe category , called hiking sandals or whatever other cutesy name the manufacturers come up with . 
Having large feet ( women's 11 wide ) , I could not find any in women's shoes , since all but one stopped at size 10 or smaller . 
So I decided to try men's sizes , guessing that size 10 men's might be equivalent to my size 11 . 
One , there is no vertical adjustment . 
Two it's plastic and it begins to flex before the pin starts to move . 
I gave up on it and ordered " HDE Adjustable Watch Band & Bracelet Repair Link Pin Remover Tool " for $ 3.75 plus shipping and sales tax . 
The packaging was pretty basic and the pins are in a couple of little baggies , but it serves the purpose well . 
It is plastic of course not metal like the professionals use . 
Just be careful and all will go swimmingly . 
No need for anything else it works ! 
No need to pay alot for something else . 
It took forever to arrive as it came from China . 
. 
. 
on a boat . 
. 
. 
materials are crap . 
it cost me $ 2 which is quite the savings from going to the watch place , but unless you are handy and innovative it will NOT work for you . 
UNDERSTAND this is " disposable " and MAY work for you once or twice . 
Thought I would just settle for black since they were lower priced , but greatly happy I did . 
This black is matte and somewhat charcoal so they are not glaring . 
! 
Purchased the shoe style and these for my husband , he really likes both . 
These he can slip on fast when heading outside , but the shoe ones he can wear while mowing the grass or working around the pool , as they don't slid off . 
He wears a 10.5 D in a shoe and first ordered the 11 for him but they were too big so reordered the 10 and they are perfect . 
A 10 was too tight . 
The size 11 is way too loose . 
Go figure . 
Its a good value for the tool you get . 
The tool is hard to adjust on the back of the watch when it has a closed designed metal bracelet . 
Good luck . 
The size 10 ' s were $ 25 more and not Prime eligible . 
The 9.5 ' s were a perfect fit . 
Usually size 10.5 fits like a glove ... Not this time ! 
I wish I had ordered size 11 . 
I'm looking at a really Nice pair of boots , that don't fit . 
I have a hard time finding shoes that fit , and sometimes I buy colors I wouldn't normally wear , and I use this black dye to make said shoes black . 
I purchased this initially to dye some beige sandals and it worked great . 
I then dabbed some along the zipper of a coat I had used fabric dye on , but the stiff fabric of the zipper had remained pinkish . 
After applying this black dye to that rough zipper fabric , it looks much better . 
I plan to use it on a white summer belt next . 
I plan to apply some to my already black footwear , just for a sharper look . 
Would not purchase again , used this to dye a purse and it ended up with streaks all over it - would not purchase this again . 
My husband loves these . 
They look just like regular dress hose , but they help so much with " tired legs " at the end of the day . 
Wonderful every day shirt . 
Liked it so much I purchased in 2 colors ! 
I have a variety of web belts and belt buckles . 
I like the infinite adjustment choice of this type of buckle . 
The webbing is firm and doesn't roll and can be cut to fit . 
I have ordered other colors too . 
Quick delivery . 
The cotton fabric is not especially tight or high quality . 
Thanks ! 
Colors are awesome ; they go well with a number of color coded jeans and dress pants . 
It keeps the belt firmly in it's place . 
My parents " gave " my 60 year old military web belt to my younger brother , and it is nowhere to be found . 
So I bought this , because it would be the next best thing , and cheap at that . 
I am now the proud owner of two of these belts , they fit right and are durable . 
I'm a big man and I usually go throug leather belts pretty quickly , these have been the best solution I've found to that dilemma . 
Plus you can't go wrong for the price . 
We have really good outer gear that we like but knew that the base layer would make the diffrence between heading out for the day or sitting inside . 
We also did not want to bother with the expense of heated gear so we decided to try this product.We went out today , temps ranged between the mid 40 ' s to low 50 degree range . 
Instead of our heavy weight outer gear we wore our mid weight stuff ( mesh jackets with liner in a tee shirt and fleece pants ) over this product . 
That is it . 
Today was supposed to be a short two hour trip but we ended up staying out all day . 
When we got home and peeled out of our gloves Poly was bone dry as was our skin . 
Love it.We are not finished yet . 
We are waiting for temps in the 30 degree range and will try the product under our heavy gear . 
I feel this bra does add some bulk to your figure . 
I like bras to stay true to my figure and not add to it . 
I would have given better reviews except the cups seem to run quite large . 
I am thinking about reordering with a smaller cup . 
Unfortunately this bra did not fit even though I ordered it in my usual size , 40d . 
Disappointed it did not work for me . 
its paper made .. dont get this .. better off going to your local dollar store for this . 
get much better somewhere else . 
I really like these undershirts . 
Extremely comfy , perfect fit ( I usually wear XL but I like my undershirts a little tighter so they dont show through the over shirt ) , great buy 
First impressions : Cheap locking clasp ( Reminds me of my old boy scout belts ) The Pros : Has a good look to it and matches some of the other digital camo items I purchasedThe Cons : The belt clasp is the metal kind that you pull to lock - which work fairly well if you are just walking around but if you are running a lot I've found that it can sometimes loosen up.Worth the Money / Would I buy this item again ? 
: Yes 
I have a few other army surplus belts of this type and the belt material is less substantial . 
I know Carhartt very well this was no different from any thing else I've bought quality materials and most of all manufactured well takes a beating while keeping me warm 
Like all Carhartt products its quality . 
Its plenty thick and well constructedyou can't go wrong with Carhartttop quality all the way  will lastfor many years . 
This is another one.This jacket has a thermal liner so that it is not as heavy as some of their other jackets . 
This is a good costume for a child . 
My grandson whom I purchased this for , just loves dressing up as a Police Officer . 
He looks so cute in it . 
Our almost 5 year old loves to dress up ; it is his staple to be in costume . 
This was just another addition to his collection and the quality is very good . 
where the new rules state you have to have a clear backpack . 
I read the measurements and I guess I didn't realize how small it would actually be . 
For an adult male , well , it's going to feel a bit small when you put it on . 
Seems to be well made for something made out of PVC . 
I didn't know how tight security would be and I wanted a see-thur bag . 
I got many compliments and was asked where I bought it . 
In January I went on a cruise and flew to Florida , once again this bag was a life saver going through airport and ship security . 
Fabric and tailoring were nice , but the fit was ' comical ' according to my wife . 
Be sure to buy up a size if you are a half size , or have a wide foot like mine . 
I wear an 8 or an 8.5 and have a B + width . 
The 9-10 is just right for me . 
Havaiana fan now . 
I'm a women's US 10 . 
I ordered a 41/42 as well as a 39/40 because I didn't know what size to get ... like a lot of people on here . 
When they arrived , the 41/42 flip flops had some strange yellow markings on them ( clearly a defect ) and I didn't even consider keeping them for that reason . 
The 39/40 fit but with very little room to spare and I just didn't think they were worth keeping . 
I didn't notice anything special about them to warrant the cost . 
The comfort was no different than any other flip flop . 
They're a basic flip flop in a pretty color . 
I've seen better quality in a flip flop for less money . 
I returned both pairs for a refund . 
I bought these pants for my wife . 
Looks good at waist . 
Is very wide at the front , it looks like a bag , it would be better for an older female with belly . 
I do not like . 
A bit of an odd fit . 
this dockers fit perfectly and was just what I was looking for . 
soft and tapered at the ends making me feel slimmer 
THis is perfect for the summer for casual or more dressed up places like a golf or yacht club 
They are Dockers , so you know it's good quality . 
Fit right as expected . 
Fits exactly like my other size 9 Levis , including the pair of 524s I bought a few years ago . 
I knew going in this was a juniors jean , but 29 should be 29 , dangit . 
I bought a pair of Levis 505 straight leg with these , size 29/8- Long ( a women's jean ) . 
I can't even get them over my butt.Despite being 2 % Spandex , the denim is thick and sturdy and has the classic denim diagonal line ridges . 
It's a nicer material than the 505s are.Thought I could get away with it , but I couldn't . 
I would try 2 sizes larger ( a 31 ) . 
I'm still deciding if I should bother with an exchange or just return them . 
I like the way they fit and where they hang below the belly button . 
As soon as this pair of jeans arrived I tried them on . 
The are a low cut waist jean . 
This means I need to keep up with the crunches to keep the muffin top thing from happening . 
How can you improve on the fit of a pair of Levis ? 
You can't . 
I don't care for the faded out used or worn look . 
I can never seem to find the right rinse ! 
I didnt know how these would fit so I went ahead and bought them . 
Tried them on and they look really good on , of course a little low on the backside so I'm having to wear longer shirts to cover the " crack " over all they fit great 
Overall it's a really high quality boot , they're a bit heavy but don't have that " boot " feel to them , I can run in these perfectly fine . 
The toe box looks really good when polished up . 
Been wearing them myself for 12 years ! 
I would order half sizes if possible . 
These are just what I wanted . 
I like the thigh highs because they don't cut into my knee . 
I like to wear thigh highs in the summer time because my legs get really cold inside the office . 
( Is it just me , or are black tights much more comfortable and flattering around the tummy than pantyhose ? ? 
) DURABILITY : Anyhow , I have purchased about 8 pairs of these . 
I've tried some other brands , but I find that these Hanes are the best in terms of staying up . 
I have only once had a problem with the thigh high sliding down my leg as I walked down the street ( which was incredibly embarrassing ! ! 
I wear each pair about once a week , and they last forever . 
I have only had a few stockings that ripped to the point that I couldn't wear them . 
My desk at work has a little nail protruding , and I know that I hit it a few times as I'm crossing my leg - - but the stockings just get a little hole , and it does not spread out into a run.COLORS : I am fair skinned , and I like to get either the " Barely There " ( which looks like lightly tanned skin ) or " Travel Buff " ( which looks like untanned skin . 
I tried the " Little Color " but was very disappointed . 
That shade is too white ( and again , I'm fair skinned to begin with ) , and it looked too unnatural . 
Bought these for my wife for a black dress . 
Fits just as expected ! 
I got the nude colour and it works on a fair girl like me . 
Very impressed , came right on schedule ! 
Perfect , can't wait to hold them up with my new garters that are coming ! 
Good quality , but I'm super hard on my nylons . 
Managed to snag ( put a thumb through it wearing the third time ) because I'm just that clumsy . 
I'll buy another pair so I can keep using the one that isn't snagged . 
I'm that classy ) 
I wore these for a day and ended up getting runs up from the toes on both legs . 
I think I'd be lucky to get two wearings out of a pair . 
This product arrived on time and in good condition . 
I would recommend purchasing this product to anyone who can't find a good pair in the store . 
Very sexy and functional . 
I was hoping to find a pair of opaque leggings that I could wear like yoga pants . 
Wear them with a tunic or minidress or whatever - - just make sure your behind is covered . 
Also , if you're a pet owner , the weave of the fabric is like a magnet for cat / dog hair.Overall , these seemed like high quality leggings , but were not what I was looking for . 
I'm 5 ' 4 " and 110 lbs and these are a little long and the waist is high . 
But just look to big with the slimmer slacks.good buy - just large looking 
I had bought the black ones from Macy's and knew how they would fit , and they fit as expected , and look great rather you are in a suit or jeans . 
Perfect ! 
It is one of my favorite pairs of shoes and I wear them all the time ! 
I love Keen's shoes but these seem a little large . 
BUT after trying these on and looking at them at Cabelas I believe they're quality is going down hill . 
I hate it because I love the old ones . 
I will probably buy another one to keep around for other things I want to take with me on the go . 
Thinking of purchasing another . 
It won't hold heavy canned goods like a cotton canvas bag , and is a little smaller than paper grocery bag . 
There's no stiffener in the bottom so it folds very flat . 
While the seams are stitched adequately , they are not finished on the inside , though a couple of colors do have taped seams . 
The pleasers 3000 I received a credit for already . 
