Fits the 3 - yr old & the 5 - yr old well . 
Only con is that when the kids pull off the tutus , the waste band gets twisted , and an adult has to un-tangle . 
My Great Grand Daughters Love these Tutu's . 
REFUSES to make good on purchase ... Real creeps . 
My daughter has worn this skirt almost every day since she received it and it's even been through the washer along with the other clothes . 
It's amazing quality ! 
My 3yr old loved this tutu skirt in pink ! 
Love this Jewelry Box so well put together holds plendy ... Love the pink & looks so nice on my vanity . 
My granddaughter likes the Shining Image Jewelry Box given to her for a birthday gift from Grandma . 
Also , I wish the drawers had a stop , preventing the drawers from tipping contents entirely when trying to remove one piece of jewelry . 
I , on the other hand , have had lacks of years of practice with jewelry drawers , but also struggle with removing the drawer without spilling the contents . 
I bought one of these neck stashes for my most recent cruise and used it everyday while on vacation . 
I stuffed cash , my passport , driver's license and several credit cards in it and still had some room to spare . 
This travel pouch is just as described . 
It fits effortlessly under a shirt and holds all your valuables . 
My husband won't use it because it feels like a purse to him , but that is just because he is ultra manly . 
When I travel out of country , I have this around my neck and under one layer of clothing . 
Again though perhaps being flimsy is a good thing being under clothing making it conceal more . 
Not the best quality if you want something durable . 
It is still in one piece though , after a party . 
I expected a lot more from a " wrist computer " selling for almost 250.00 , and the Military version for $ 300 . 
aren't even covered in the instructions that come with the watch , you have to download the full set of instructions to figure that out , then some of the fields used to set the values are so small and located in such bizarre locations , that even with 20/20 vision , I had to use an illuminated magnifying glass to see , then set the values . 
That honor will still go to my Wenger Military . 
It is feature-rich , fairly compact and lightweight , but the issues above make it less than desirable and overpriced . 
The Finns need to address these issues before I buy another Suunto " wrist computer " . 
I've had this watch for several years now and it still holds up . 
However , it offers some nice advantages over most others , with only a couple drawbacks . 
I wore mine for two tours in Iraq and it performed perfectly . 
But it was reassuring to have those capabilities on my wrist at all times . 
And the basic time , stopwatch , alarm and timer functions were used often and performed well.Pros : User replaceable battery - very helpful in the field and easy to do , saves money.Broad array of functions - easy to manipulate the various features with a little practice and reading the manual.Very accurate - the watch loses very little time over the months and years , good quartz movement.Good water resistance - not a dive watch , but it holds up well , even under several meters of water , which I've done.Comfortable despite its large size - pretty light weight and a large , comfortable band.Easy to read - large face , big numbers.Attractive design - very distinct look.Cons : Not solar-atomic ( like Casio Pathfinder ) - however , battery is easily replaced and the quartz movement is very accurate.Thicker case - more so than the Casio PAW 1300 , but not too bad.Bottonology - the button function layout is different than most Timex and Casios , but isn't too hard to figure out.Price - higher than many , but not excessive for what you get.Overall , despite the drawbacks referenced above , I highly recommend the Suunto X-Lander and I would assume the other Suunto models are also good . 
Serves me well . 
It's a manageable size and comes with fun things inside . 
It's been about a month since then and my friend said her daughter still can't leave the house without it ! 
For the money , this gift is perfect ! 
very nice first purse for a little girl . 
My granddaughter will love it , I am saving it to give to her for Easter . 
A bit cheaper in quality than the small picture makes it look , but for the price , it serves it's purpose . 
Bought for my 15 month old Granddaughter . 
She thinks it's great . 
I also bought a book ( Lillie's Purple Plastic Purse ) to go along with it as a gift for my 2 year old niece . 
It was really sweet and she loved carrying it around and taking the stuff out . 
She loved the purse for other items as well , like carrying her other precious things . 
Nice little toy gets a lot of use . 
its great for any little girls " first purse " :) 
I love it . 
she loved it . 
The bag is great . 
The map is hard for my 3 year old to roll up & Velcro back together .. 
Otherwise , the bag is sturdy . 
! The quality & finish is great ! highly recommend ! 
The buttons aren't overly sensitive ( problem with my old watch ) , good fit , easy to use . 
I highly suggest to anyone . 
If you do not use the light or stopwatch , the battery can last for years . 
I'm keeping it anyway , it does the trick . 
It's also on the small side around my wrists . 
Might also work as a kid's first watch but it might not hold up to kid-level abuse . 
So wonderfull I liked a lot and I will purchase it whenever I will need it and I received alot of comment of it . 
I've worn them for a year or so and they still squeak and feel pretty cheap . 
I Love , Love , Love these dang shoes and I love the fact that now that I know what size to order . 
Always wanted a Converse but was somewhat indecisive . 
He climbs a lot and runs , and is very confident in these shoes . 
Great product . 
Im glad I listened to the advice posted and got a slightly smaller size than usual . 
Always in style , no matter what era ! 
Fashion and color choices make these shoes a forever classic . 
The ultimate rocker or groupie shoe . 
Great price . 
Just your basic , hi top chucks . 
They are nice shoes , well made & highly rated , but they were a gift that I bought for my husband ... a bit too early . 
Received quickly and fit well . 
Retro shoe , great fit for toddlers with a little extra to room for wide baby feet . 
Look really cute , good price 
Not good for someone with a wide foot . 
I now have several in white , red , and black ... 
I got these as a gift for my little sister . 
She had been wanting a pair of these for a really long time . 
I was so happy to find them here on amazon for the cheapest price ;) She absolutely LOVES these and wears them every day . 
great deal . 
I highly recommend these shoes to anyone for a great shoe for the summer . 
I bought these for my grown daughter for Valentine's Day and she loved them ! 
They fit perfectly . 
Any age would love them .. 
Fit perfectly and she loves them . 
Great shoes . 
Got these for my niece for her birthday . 
The fit perfectly as expected and are very comfortable . 
They also make a good gift for all ages . 
I chose gray / white , they look & feel great . 
I wish I had them in every color . 
I am a " young " senior and I wore these with my crop jeans and with my long jeans folded up and they really look great ! 
I keep buying this shoe because I know exactly what size I need and it's comfortable and Converse doesn't change it to something that doesn't work . 
The shoe fits nice , has a good flexible sole for running on both pavement and grass , so for a toddler , that is a plus . 
Also , he can wear them all day , and is comfortable . 
As anyone who has ever own Chuck's knows , they are narrow . 
My granddaughter put these on her 13th birthday gift list and I was fortunate to get the last pair in this size and color . 
I loved them because she loved them . 
these chucks in the charcoal color are darker in person than in the picture . 
they are true to size for my husband and they are a great neutral color . 
Absolutely Love them . 
Quick shipment , perfect fit , color and comfort ! 
Love them . 
They fit true to size and are very comfortable ! 
My son has these in every color . 
Happy to have purchased . 
not nearly the quality of Chuck Taylor Converse from the past , undoubtedly from being made in Indonesia . 
It's playing nicely with the other bras in the water . 
This bra works fine , but I didn't find it to be anything special . 
As much as I loved the back of this bra , I positively gasped at how it made my chest look . 
It got rid of any roundness , and just flattened the front ... not a flattering look . 
This bag had enough space for all my important credit cards , and a handy one for my driver's license and a mirror next to it . 
It has a change compartment in the back , also a compartment for bills and another zippered compartment on the inside . 
It has a small hand strap that pulls out from inside the bag and a long strap if you wanted to use it as a shoulder bag which can easily be taken off . 
i would highly recommend this to anyone who needs a small bag that accommodates all your important stuff . 
My wallet appears to be a taupe color . 
Haven't any cash , so can't tell how happy it would be in the compartments , but my credit card and insurance etc cards seem perfectly happy :) . 
I like the coin compartment being on the outside and available without having to open up the whole thing . 
I don't like the zipper coin compartments because they don't open wide enough so this is just right . 
And the style and color is nice / classy . 
It also has a check book holder inside and about 5 credit card slots . 
The place designated for your driver's license has a cut-out in the center of the plastic to help get hold of it to take it out when needed which is handy . 
It also has a zipper compartment inside to store stuff you want to keep but don't use as much . 
Very nice . 
Now we all need so many club cards for stores you to those plus a credit card and drivers license you can barely squish your Health and Car insurance cards it it . 
Now if the banks would still make this style of checkbook It would be very convenient . 
First of all I want to say that it is a lovely , well-made wallet . 
The problem I have is while it has many slots , it doesn't close well when the slots are all or even mostly filled . 
The change purse clasp pops open and so does the snap closure . 
you can fill fill fill it and it still has room to close and snap . 
A simple fix would be reinforced stitching in that most used area of the wallet where wear-and-tear are greatest . 
I didn't think it was easy to open or that it stored cards and bills well . 
I am a creature of habit--and do not trade in ANYTHING lightly . 
Mind you , a wallet to me is a brief history of my life - - where I carry Catholic holy cards , my NRA life-membership card , pictures of my late husband and drivers licenses dating back 15 years . 
HIGHLY recommend . 
This fit the bill perfectly . 
It's large enough yet large enough to hold what I need 
I bought it so I would always have a small black bag and now I do mission accomplished . 
This purse is very likeable . 
It's a handy , small size and the leather is quite soft to touch . 
I did keep the purse , though , thinking I can use it for special occasions when it suits my outfit . 
On those occasions , I plan to put the smaller items in a cosmetic bag and carry that inside the purse . 
I love this bag as an option to switch to a smaller carry option . 
I've pushed it back in but don't use it much because of this . 
I love this billfold ! 
It is large & has many compartments and slots . 
I love the zip around closure as well . 
I always come back to Buxton for wallets . 
There's also a change pouch in front for easy access . 
I also wish the snap flap went over the currency compartment so I didn't have to keep it zipped , but I'll get used to it , and I'm sure the leather slots will loosen up with use.After an exhaustive online and in store search , I've decided that this clutch gives the best bang for the buck . 
Mine is red , and it's a rich , not fire engine color . 
I'm very pleased . 
This was the one I initially liked the best , but the one of the zippered compartments was too small for dollar bills , and the zipper would separate when zipped . 
I have had several zip around clutch wallets and it is the style I prefer . 
The color is not fire engine red just a nice red color . 
The leather is medium soft with a nice feel to it . 
Love all the card holding spots and the area for a check book is easily used for something else . 
The snap closure is handy and keeps everything in place , you can access your money without having to open the clutch , just open the zippered area . 
Having a zipper change pocket on the side is so handy or you can use the zipper pocket in the zip around . 
When all filled I still found this Buxton clutch to be fairly slim . 
I'm very pleased with this clutch and would buy it again . 
The fit was good ITS A SLIP WHAT CAN YOU SAY THE ITEM ARRIVED AFTER I NEEDED BUT THAT WAS FINE 
I recently bought several wrap and faux-wrap dresses that could show off WAY too much leg if there's a slight breeze , so I needed something a bit modest to spare the world a view of my blindingly white legs . 
This slip works PERFECTLY . 
It's beautiful and comfortable . 
I've got that lovely pear shape going , and it still fit perfectly over my hips . 
Traditional styling that you don't see much of anymore . 
I'm SO pleased ! ! ! 
These work very well . 
Love the color and the feel . 
Stick on very smooth and can't see under clothing unless it's a light colored thin shirt . 
Best I've found for the price . 
Middles sometimes tend to puff out if sitting or laying a certain way but go back when standing up . 
Great for the price and no pain when removing ! 
Completes the look . 
The product was large , but I am glad I purchased them , they are very roomy indeed . 
Great Price and I will order again . 
I bought these because for my size I was told this was the best brand . 
They fit fine , didn't ride up or roll down , and didn't bunch up around the legs . 
I love it . 
Pulls in without rolling down at the waist or hiking up . 
Nicely made . 
They serve their purpose to keep bra straps on the shoulders . 
They were what I expected them to be , period . 
I was somewhat skeptical about these straps and I have to admit that it took me a few minutes to figure out how to attach them to my bra , even after looking at the picture on the package . 
They work GREAT ! ! ! 
The only drawback is that you have to keep it attached and put your bra on over your head and hook your bra from behind . 
I am very happy with the product and I ordered the L / XL variety pack with 4 different colored straps . 
surprisingly warm and soft feeling . 
I love it anytime , any place . 
I used to purchase them at Dillard's Dept . 
I was so happy to find them available here on Amazon because absolutely NOTHING I have found , for any amount of money , has been as nice as the Shadowline . 
The pale pink , peach , and periwinkle are not quite as opaque as the other colors but I do not find anything unusual about that ( think white pants ! ) . 
:-) ___Shoppers please note : There was a short period of time ( late 2011 ) when Shadowline used a different fabric for the Petals gowns in Holly Red and Deep Lavender . 
It was not as nice as their traditional Opacitrique fabric . 
When they changed this in 2012 ( and changed the color names to Red and Purple ) , the listings got mixed up here and were combined into the same page ( for Purple and Deep Lavender ) . 
I love Shadowline ANYTHING . 
By accident I purchased my first Shadowline gown back in 1995 . 
Have been buying them ever since . 
They are the best gowns . 
Also , I found them to be very sheer . 
I am a solid 32DDD . 
This bra has this weird extra nipple room that I did not need . 
I'd probably be able to fit a tablespoon in there and fill lit perfectly . 
It isn't that the cup is too big , it's only this extra nipple space . 
The bra is also scratchy . 
I'll give it the benefit of the doubt and wash it a few times before I go to put it on again . 
I wouldn't compare it to the torpedo boobs you'd see on Marilyn Monroe and the likes , but it definitely does give a point to the breasts . 
I will only be able to wear this bra with clothing that is thicker , like sweaters , or dresses that are double layered or have thick material . 
This bra is AMAZING . 
The Wacoal bra is unbelievably comfortable and only a tad bit more in price . 
good uplift 
Large breasted women will love this bra ! 
Very comfortable . 
Perfect in warm weather . 
Highly Recommended ! ! 
IT FEELS GREAT SUPREME COVERAGE . 
Being a very busty woman , I'm constantly looking for a bra that will smooth and minimize my proportions . 
I love the way it feels and how it makes me look when I wear tee shirts and sweaters . 
It runs true to size , so I didn't need to return it for a larger size . 
I recommend this bra to women who have the same problem as I do with finding a bra that will fit and look good ! 
Comfortable great bra . 
I will be ordering it in more colors . 
Best minimizer 
My other Bali , and Olga bras cost $ 55.00 to $ 60.00 dollars . 
This bra offers all the support in the world for a full figured woman . 
It is very comfortable as an all day at work bra . 
The only reason i " m not giving it five stars it that it does give a little pointy look to the boobs but not the cone look so its still very flattering . 
This is a good fitting bra and the brand is a long standing and trusted brand . 
ITS A COMFORTABLE BRA AND MADE VERY WELL . 
I love the bra , the cup size is perfect . 
Bali bras are the best ... especially if you're full figured . 
These bras were half price compared to department store prices . 
My daughter has a great deal of trouble finding a good fitting bra . 
This one was fabulous . 
We will definitely purchase again . 
Wonderful love this bra . 
Bali has been making great bras for me since I was a busty teen.if I were smaller busted I would still prefer this type of bra . 
This underwire bra is the best I've ever worn and one of the longest lasting . 
The minimizing effect is an additional bonus . 
I understand most minimizer bras give you somewhat of a classic missile t * t look , but this was just weird . 
Very snug around the waist , the cup towards the torso was Ok , but there was a very weird " reservoir tip " at the nipple.So sad because I love the color and micro leopard print ! 
I really like it though , its comfortable and looks good too . 
soft , attractive , and I will purchase again . 
I had to size up to get the fit I had before with the smaller size.Overall , I find the bra comfortable and it provides great support . 
If they offered half sizes , I would have gotten a half size larger . 
I have been wearing this particular style for many years , and was happy to find a great deal on Amazon . 
This night gown is very pretty and very comfortable . 
I will order more in many different colors . 
The detail on the yoke is very nice . 
Comfort and fit is great . 
Like the gown very muchLike the quality of the materialFits nicely and comfortableWill purchase this brand again 
Excellent product & here an excellent price . 
This Shadowline Nightgown is very well made , and very comfortable to wear . 
This nightgown is perfect for lounging and sleeping as it is as luxurious as it is comfortable . 
I definitely recommend them and will purchase them again in the future ! 
I wish I didn't have the extra bump across my back but it's better than constantly reaching in my shirt to pull up slipping straps . 
my legs are mostly in no nonsense pantyhose but a co worker said to try the hanes sheer nylon pantyhose , i really like how sheer my control top sheer toe silk reflections pantyhose are , these pantyhose are very soft and sheer nylons , like all of my pantyhose when i pull up very sheer pantyhose i take my time so i dont run my nylons and pantyhose , once on i love how these pantyhose make me feel , i prefer reinforced toe pantyhose but sheer toes are nice also . 
Not only do these hose fit , but they really do exert control comfortably . 
They are also strong ( have used for years ) but have a silky quality . 
Cannot speak highly enough about this purchase . 
Had not thought about buying hose online but this great ! 
Hanes Silk Reflections are very very sheer and are a great step in-between tights and tan legs ! 
The " Jet " color is a nice light black , not opaque like tights but definitely noticeable . 
I prefer nylons that have some color so it's clear I intend for my legs to be an unnatural color , and not just strangely tan or bandage-pale . I'm 5 ' 5 " and 125lb , and the size A / B fit perfectly . 
They were comfortable all night . 
I went ahead and purchased it , thinking i'd be getting tanned color . 
I wouldn't dare wearing it with any other though , just not my color ; Too bright . 
It was a nice try though . 
Great job from Hanes . 
As promised , this pantyhose is silky but well-made . 
Needless to say , I highly recommend Hanes for all your hosiery needs ! 
Finding a 32D in a retail store is impossible . 
The underwire is a little small and the cup itself is a little large . 
I am a 34 G , but decided to try the 34 DDD since they don't make this bra in my size . 
It is just incredibly beautiful - but , alas , it was too small , and I didn't want to have to go to a 36 inch band in order to make the DDD work for me . 
The straps have nude felt-like material for additional durability but I think this is what is part of the problem because the material used is cheap . 
This bra is amazing , it's supportive and super comfortable . 
I'm a 36DDD ( sometimes a 34 ) and this fits like a dream . 
Also , it looks fantastic on , I will be ordering in more colors ! 
Super sexy , not itchy , boobs look amazing ! 
So , why am I happy with this ? 
This is working for me . 
I am so freaking glad it doesn't push my breasts together ! ! ! 
All that does is make them look smaller , and , well ... squished together . 
This is a small miracle . 
They seem to have the perfect structure for people with large , firm , dense , close-set breasts on a narrow frame . 
It causes some sagging at the top of the cups and any seaming or cup fabric structure to not line up properly with the breasts . 
The mesh stretches and conforms to your breasts while the lacy detail prevents the fabric from moving and conforming . 
Great usual Felina fit no surprises here . 
Has a nude colored lining under the lace , looks very nice . 
Couldn't find this brand in my size in the Mall where I live . 
I was first introduced to this brand years ago at a large department store . 
Fits well , though the straps could be a bit wider for the larger sizes . 
This bra is beautifully made and quite supportive . 
I'm large-busted ( anywhere between a 32DDD and H , depending on brand / maker ) and chose to try a 34DDD for this bra since cups run small on most brands that aren't specifically for large chests , and this item doesn't come larger than DDD . 
These also have a cotton crotch to allow health there . 
I have worn these for years and love them . 
They fit and feel great and hold up very well . 
I highly recommend them . 
As my title indicates these fit very well , are comfortable and pretty . 
They seem to hold up well in the wash , although I usually take mine out and air dry to help the fabric and elastic last longer . I have bought more and will do so again . 
Shapewear always seems to run weird , and I have bought items too small in the past , but this is not shapewear , just huge black underwear . 
the only underwear that I own , These panties never bind nor ride up--and they are thin enough to wear under smooth clothing 
As my title indicates these fit very well , are comfortable and pretty . 
They seem to hold up well in the wash , although I usually take mine out and air dry to help the fabric and elastic last longer . 
I was debating between a 1 and 2 star rating . 
I first ordered 3 size 8s and they are somewhat large so went back on Amazon , checked the sizing charts then ordered 3 size 7s . 
I can't complain about the quality of Jockey , but sizing is a totally separate issue . 
The size 7s will be donated to Goodwill ASAP . 
These are the most comfortable and best fit I've found anywhere . 
I'm glad I got them , will get more , and definitely recommend them . 
Nice quality and the size is correct . 
Also ( TMI here , sorry ! ) 
the blood and serous drainage washed out nicely . 
This underwear is made with great quality material . 
However , these size 4 fit her very well . 
They're Jockey , so they're made of great quality ! 
They were my favorite underwear colors to , especially the dark grey . 
I wish they were still available . 
This bikini underwear fits so nice and does not ride up . 
It is very comfortable and I will order more . 
For whatever reason , i cannot get this bra to lay smooth - gapping at the top and the size down is too small ... would have made a great seamless addition but i have to return it 
These are a very nice pair of stockings . 
i found the same Spanx Power Panties at Nordstrom Rack for 19.99 . 
Great under snug clothing , they also create a great , smooth line under most everything else . 
Surprisingly , these are also really comfortable during warmer months . 
You can't beat the quality of Spanx as long as you accept that you MUST order two sizes larger than the chart says you need . 
Order two sizes up and they'll still be snug and hold down the jiggles . 
You'll feel confident and comfortable . 
These are perfect under skirts to keep you cool and prevent thighs from rubbing together . 
They're still a challenge to get on - especially after using a public restroom where you don't have a lot of room . 
Also , I can see where they'd be easy to snag with a rough fingernail or ring , so be careful . 
I wish they had a little more of a smooth finish so that fabrics glide over them a little more easily but I think these will do their purpose underneath a bridesmaids dress . 
There is not giant indentation for the waist or legbands though , which is nice . 
But I will not say they are comfortable ... they do suck it all in . 
He was shocked and pleased that I found these for him . 
They're the same quality he's used to and the shipping was very fast . 
The fabric wears very well . 
Happy husband = happy wife . 
We've bought these before and he still likes them . 
I think Jockey may be discontinuing this line as the price was great , and I could not find the Elance at the local department store . 
The only down side was that he wanted all black but could not order this color in the 3 - pack . 
I have always liked the quality of Jockey but when I recieved these they fit a little snug . 
I had to switch to a different brand . 
I have been looking for a shoe that I could be comfortable in . 
I love softspots anyway , but this shoe is perfect for me . 
In fact , we still put the head piece on the kids sometimes , just for s * * * and giggles . 
Holds my Nikon D5200 and four lenses and also my Panasonic video camera . 
Perfect to keep everything together in one place . 
I don't need all of that extra foam . 
I may need to whop somebody with my bag full of lenses someday and I want it to count , should the opportunity dictate such a defensive action.It holds everything I need for specific assignments.It ' s made in the USA too ! 
I usually have an extra wide width with shoes . 
I bought this same shoe in a different color way back when in a MEDIUM width . 
They are very comfortable , easy on and off , nice shoe to wear with shorts 
Very pleased with these shoes really are very c'ñomodos both so they buy another pair but different color . 
Highly recommended . 
Had to return for a 10 , which was still too big . 
These shoes are probably the most comfortable I own . 
Good call , because they are super comfy and easy to slip on and off . 
I power through it though because these things are so comfortable . 
Merrell's WERE great , perhaps when they were made in Canada . 
These are identical in stated sizing to a wonderful pair of Merrell Jungle Moc's I wore comfortably in and out of the house for years , but my heel slipped a lot in these , there was way too much toe room , and they seemed 1/2 to 1 size too large . 
I had to return them for properly fitting and comfortable Teva's . 
Sizing is true to size . 
I bought these for my 92 yr old father in law and he loves them , they are comfortable and easy for him to put on . 
I just received my order , & with the help of a shoehorn ( normal procedure for me ) got them on just fine . 
So far they seem to fit well , I find them comfortable to walk in , & the traction is good - - especially needful as I have balance problems . I'll seriously think of getting another pair when I need new ones ! 
These are some of the best feeling , best fitting shoes I have ever worn and the Jungle Moc is my personal favorite ! 
They're great for weekend days when I have to go to work or even a semi-casual night out.The uppers are suede and I've been a bit worried about damaging them , but so far , they've held up quite well . I bought size 10.5 and they fit well . 
Was skeptical about these Merrell Jungle Mocs but the 100s of reviews were outstanding so I tried them.wow , glad I did ! 
hard to find 13 wide shoes . 
still .. these will do . 
Returns are always a problem . 
Goes well with everything and great price . 
True to size . 
Thanks amazon for having them so I can easily shop ! 
They are the most comfortable shoes . 
shoes need to be comfortable ! 
if you want a comfortable shoe , i'd go with the sketcher go-walks . 
they don't look quite as sharp but are super comfortable . 
great price , too . 
The quality is still the same as I remember it . 
Ordered a half a size larger and they were still tight thru the toe area and the heel area is too large , but the length was right . 
I had to use inserts in the heels and put them in a stretcher to make the toe area comfortable . 
Will not be ordering these shoes anymore . 
These are very comfortable for zumba . 
Anyway , although I haven't worn these out of the house yet , I'm sure they will work well for me provided I still use my cane . 
I will admit in reading the other reviews , they do run narrow which was fine with me and the length was perfect . 
Nicely made too . 
It seems to be very well made and very warm . 
I bought these for boots that are large on me . 
These thick socks do the job of filling out the footbed and keeping my toes warm . 
This sock fits my foot well , but is not as binding as other Experian type Thorlos I have worn . 
Only buy them if you have extra room in your shoe . 
These socks are great . 
They're are very comfortable . 
I know these are advertised for hiking , but I have worn them with 2 inch heeled boots before and they're great . 
It's amazing . 
Nice feeling but last only 1 or 2 wears , which isn't good . 
They are very comfortable socks which I wear under my boots in the winter . 
This sock has been fine for hiking . 
Works well . 
Great pants to wear while working in the yard or to stay warm on snowy days . 
We've bought these time and time again because they're such a great buy . 
My son is rough and tough , with an athletic build ! 
These pants are well made , are comfortable but smart , and have that feel of quality which makes you feel good . 
you simply can't beat the durability and comfort . 
These are the most comfortable pieces of clothing I wear . 
Just amazing . 
I love these pants for general use but for construction work ? 
Very comfortable 
Overall I'm very happy with my pants after 2 returns . 
Good quality material just get a pair of suspenders with them . 
Soft and great color . 
6 ' 3 " , 175 and I love the way it hangs . 
It is excellent for work . 
Comfortably light weight , yet warm enough for chilly days . 
Easily layered with a T-shirt or a vest . 
I love my Carhartt's shirts ! 
These long sleeve T's are made of a durable material the is still soft and comfortable . 
has them in every color . 
they get a work out and wash up nicely & last a long time . 
good quality & a handsome look for almost any body type 
Not my first Carhartt Work shirt , but first Henley with 3 button front . 
You can find work shirts for less , but this is a much better shirt , strong fabric double stitched - spend a few more $ and get the real deal with a Carhartt.Size ; I'm just under 6 ' tall , 170 lbs 34 " waist and sleeve length - athletic build ; usually wear a large but a Medium Regular fits me best . 
The work shirt is made well , it's durable and it washes well . 
It was very true to size , and fit him well . 
liked the fir and look 
He's not a tiny guy so this was perfect ! 
doesn't shrink , easy in / out of laundry , can iron and its a dressy casdual shirt 
These are the best fitting and most comfortable socks that I have ever worn . 
They launder very well . 
Well worth the price . 
Nice shirt , as expected . 
Other than that great shirt . 
My husband loves these Carhartt work shirts . 
We bought these in 3 different colors . 
Itis a heavier material than most t shirts that I have found lately . 
For starters , I bought one Large and one XL . I'm 6 ' 2 " and 200 pounds . 
While the XL hides my recently acquired larger waist , it's also so large that it could accommodate shoulder pads . 
Further , the length covers a good part of my pockets in my jeans or shorts . 
it is slightly large , which is a good sign . 
Once it goes in the dryer , it will fit perfectly . 
It is a looser fit , so for the guys working outside , it is not uncomfortable or clingy and won't make you look like a sausage . 
Both are great colors though . 
Not a heavy-weight t-shirt , which can be too hot in the summer while working outside . 
And the price point ( $ 13 + ) was very good for a brand-name product . 
Very nice t-shirt . 
As usual , Carhardt made a good shirt . 
I returned the LX for an L but the L is still fairly big on me , I'm just going to deal with it though . 
Different locations where made all have different issues . 
Purchase in question , color spinach is stamped " original fit " . 
Am not a happy camper . 
First , the shirts fit well . 
I own about 10 of these shirts and 3 of them have really large neck-holes . 
When I receive them , I try them on then wash them . 
All 3 of those shirts had really big neck holes . 
The pocket is a huge help , too . 
Nice quality , thick and durable , and nice colors . 
These shirts are great for the tall / bigger guy . 
I love these Carhartt shirts . 
The workmanship is of great quality . 
I will continue to purchase them in different colors ! 
I don't use them for work but leisure and around the house activities . 
I have always liked their work jeans and I find these a nice addition.Overall they seem to be made well and are roomy . 
I live in Florida and summers are brutal . 
I needed natural fiber materials because of my work environment . 
I love the Carhartt pocket tshirts . 
They are durable and look great even after numerous washes . 
They keep their shape , don't wrinkle up or shrink . 
Very well constructed t-shirt , but runs a size larger than stated . 
I would highly recommend it especially for men working outside . 
The pocket is also handy to have for storage purposes . 
I purchased this shirt for my husband to use as work shirts . 
The feel good , made of good material , and I think it is going to be a great work shirt for him . 
They do shrink a bit from first wash . 
These are fantastic ! 
They are soft and comfortable and I recommend Wool and / or Silk for hiking as either will help prevent blisters on the feet . 
Quality is still great and fit is as described by others . 
Great coat that holds up well over the years . 
It washes up great and is warm but not too bulky . 
I bought a bigger size because I have really long arms , and it fits great and super warm ! ! 
The green color is perfect not too dark not too light . 
My husband works outside and these keep him warm . 
We do not wash them daily . 
The pockets are different ! 
thought I bought too large . 
These are meant to be warn over other layers of clothing so you need to take in account for that . 
Fits great also over just jeans . 
Like all Carhartt products its warm and durable . 
I highly recommend it for anyone working out in cold conditions . 
It keeps you warm in sub zero windy conditions 
I get so many compliments on a daily basis on these and they are still super comfortable even though they may not be AS comfortable as the originals . 
I was delighted to find them for sale on Amazon . 
The belt fit my son great . 
Can be wash ( be white ) but needs to hang dry . 
We have at least 20 baseball belts in different sizes and colors , from our two sons ' many seasons of baseball . 
Our son's baseball team didn't give them belts with the uniform , and his first game is in three days , so I was happy to receive this one so quickly and have " belt " checked off my list . 
Finally , a pair of jeans with the right length . 
These have been my favorite jeans for a long time.They fit great , the advertised size is what it says it is.Fit is perfect for boots.Fit is great in the crotch , where many others sag these do not . 
I've been wearing carhartt jeans for years and they are the best fitted , most durable and comfortable jeans going . 
Love this pants always have . 
This is some great jeanery . 
I love them and can tell they will hold up for many years to come . 
Carhartt is a great brand and these jeans seems very durable . 
Had to return for full refund . 
These are my first pair of Carhart jeans . 
Good quality and have worn well so far . 
I have never seen so many belt loops in a pair of jeans . 
I found that different . 
Seem to be a good and solid build . 
Look well made and durable ... but if we are going based off looks these things look cartoon blue . 
These are a pair of work jeans I keep in my car for site visits at power plants and they are cartoonish how blue the darkstone are . 
Carhartt jeans are the best in my book . 
They wash well and fit well too . 
After having 3 pairs of thee most famous jeans in the world fail prematurely due to shoddy construction and stitching , I reluctantly decided to try these Carhartt's . 
They have held up exceptionally well ( this being my 2nd pair ) and have been plagued with none of the problems I experienced with those other maker's jeans . 
Great fit , thick denim , my husband wanted them for work , and he is very pleased with thi fit of them 
This is the third pair of these jeans I have purchased . 
He wears them several times a week and they still look like new 
I hope I can help to you 
When the bag for my tent started falling apart I bought this to replace it and this bag is nice . 
I have been looking for some lined , warm jeans for several years . 
My husband loved these when he first put them on and continued to love them - except that after they were washed , they turned a funny color . 
They are still wearable . 
They just look a little odd now . 
They really do help keep me warm in the wind . I wear a 38 x 30 or 32 depending on the cut and style of jean . 
Size and appearance are true to the picture . 
These are smaller than they look on the website . 
This item is smaller than the first impression I had when viewing the description . 
She is sensitive to that , so it was important . 
My Wife love it.She looks beautiful , elegant and SexyWe are really happy with this product but they are a little tiny.We recommended to buy the product because to be totally honest , is beautiful ! ! ! 
These are nice enough earrings but they were not as depicted . 
I bought these originally expecting a rather inexpensive imitation of fine jewelry but am happy to report that my wife loved them and guessed that I had paid much more than I actually did spend . 
These would be great for a child , and good for a women when she doesn't want a large hoop . 
These have a post that sticks out a bit in the back , so they are not as comfortable as a hoop where the clasp goes inside the hoop . 
But it wasn't nearly as uncomfortable as a butterfly back post because the post tends to hang downward rather than poking straight back . 
They have a polish finish , and are a good choice for a small unobtrusive but substantial looking earring . 
Not to small and not to big .. a little smaller then a silver dime . 
I like the color and shape of the earring . 
I thought they'd be slightly thicker , but they're fine . 
Be careful if you wear them daily ( as do I ) , for they can easily come off while changing clothes or taking off a scarf . 
They are very well made , though , and lightweight . 
Not at all uncomfortable if you happen to sleep with them on :) 
These are very nice hoop earrings for a child . 
Very small . 
They did not work for me , but if you like small earrings they might . 
They are small ; they hug the ear lobe . 
They look elegant . 
Easy to put in and the perfect size to replace a pair I had lost . 
This earrings are great . 
These are just narrow enough to slip different things over them . 
I LOVE MY NEW EARRINGS ! 
THEY HAVE SO MANY CHOICESIT MAKES YOU KEEP GOING BACK . 
Maintain a nice luster . 
Received as expected . 
Blah , blah , blah . 
They were very pretty and worked well as a gift . 
I wouldn't have believed there was such a difference in 2mm . 
They are beautiful and the lustre is nice . 
Love the look of them , nice size , but the earring backs slide right off . 
Not acceptable for the quality these are represented to be . 
Will try the local jewelers for good backs . 
Otherwise I'll have to return them . 
The price is very reasonable . 
I like my jewelry to be understated and , at first , I thought these would be too big . 
If they were , I'd give them to my sisters as a birthday present . 
They are just fine at this size . 
I got all three colors at a lightning deal offer . 
I have bought 3 pairs of fold ball studs . 
These are such a great size , are nice and shiny , and have a good weight to them . 
I'm super happy with this purchase . 
Very attractive . 
Pros : Very sturdy and well designedCons : I got the yellow and white gold combination for my GF , but the color doesn't quite look like the picture . 
Just saw these one day and thought I'd give them a try . 
However they are truly beautiful and rich looking . 
If I had gobs of money I would definitely keep them ! 
Well made , simple construction . 
I keep my son's spare pair of goggles in this case on the side of his backpack where they won't get smashed . 
They are the most comfortable . 
A perfect black , perfect fit , and as comfortable as you could want . 
Always happy with their products .. 
They help firm my waist and are very comfortable . 
I always buy these and I hope they continue making them . 
wash well and I even put them in the dryer 
These are very nice shoes . 
They are comfortable , look great , and are a great price . 
I have owned several pairs over the years . 
This style was equally comfortable . 
The strap is completely adjustable , so I can pull it down to fit his tiny little wrist . 
I bought this for my grandson as his first watch . 
It's comfortable for our 2yr old , it's very adjustable , he can put it on and take it off a million times in a row ALL BY HIMSELF , he loves the lizards , it's super cute , and it has held up to all of the ' tests ' of destruction he has put it through so far ! 
We purchased this watch to help our son learn to tell time . 
The small numbers around the outside are great for helping kids learn minutes , though he is still learning . 
Great watch for kids ! 
Definitely very pleased . 
They have they own sex appeal . 
Th eseller provided in record time & of course brand new 
fast delivery , good fit , very happy with pants . 
Great price . 
For my and all my friends this it's the perfect jeans , always bought this brand and this model love it 
They fit perfectly . 
Not too big ... not too small . 
The only thing is that when you use the bathroom , a bit of work needs to be done before relieving yourself . 
Great purchase . 
Amazon has always let me have much to look forward to , quality needless to say . 
Love the quality of levis jeans and its very comfortable ! 
They are also of great value compared to the retail stores . 
Love the jeans . 
Great jeans . 
I bought 3 pairs in Different colors . 
He is very happy . 
Oh one more thing , There is nothing Cooler than a pair of Button Fly Levi's . 
I wore them as a kid & as a Mom still do . 
I liked the color of the jeans and they fit great . 
I bought several pair and the fit was generally consistent . 
Love . 
Comfy , nice and good quality . 
I buy Levi 501s all the time and was surprised at how differently these particular jeans fit from the ones I usually buy . 
I had to return them which was VERY SIMPLE AND PAINLESS ! 
Thanks for the easy return policy . 
bought these for my son who is tall & thin . 
Love them ! 
He looks great and is very pleased - and he's a tough crowd ! 
The fit , the quality and how they look on my husband . 
Way too small . 
Have owned a dozen pair of these and they fit perfectly . 
These are too small , a weird cut , definitely irregular . 
Iguess that's a plus , idk . 
they are very comfortable I will tell you that . 
Other reviews said that the Dark Stonewash was the best material . 
I bought these as a Xmas gift for my husband . 
He's happy with the fit and I'm happy with the look . 
These jeans are the original true and classic pimp jeans . 
levi's 501 , great jean fit as expected nice color , good quality , looks great . 
Fits great . 
They look great on him . 
The color , stitching , denim , and fit of these jeans is really nice . 
the only thing I did not like was the hem of the pants , it was a little different than I usually see . 
there is not one thing nice i can say about buying these jeans . 
Maybe they aren't or maybe they are , but these are what's available today and they remain a stone cold classic blue jean.What I really like about ordering them on Amazon is the many choices of colors in the sizes I need at a more then fair price . 
I have seen these watches for years and loved how skinny they were . 
I bought because I love blue and love the thinness of the watch . 
It works great . 
The clasp takes a little work setting up , but once you do it is very easy to use as you don't have to adjust it every time you use it . 
The watch I received did not have the word " Titanium " on the dial as shown , which led me to think that it was a fake . 
I'll be buying this watch again but from a different merchant . 
These knee-high hose are quite comfortable . 
They are quite silky and a bit longer than other brands , which is nice . 
These had a great color that matched skin tone and fit as expected . 
I bought them for work pants , the look and fit well , as I expected . 
I have purchased different brands and sizes of Knee Highs . 
NOT TRUE . 
I have tried " Q " sizes to no avail , the elastic at the top is always terribly uncomfortable . 
Most torsolettes do not hold me up properly , this one did wonderfully . 
Nice bonus of smoothing out your waist as well . 
It is a bit tight fitting and digs in a little at the top of the back however because it holds me so well I don't mind . 
It's enormous ! ! 
I thought the picture was showing travel sizes , but those must be full sized items . 
Great for long trips , but way too big for overnights or even weekend trips . 
Love , love , love this cosmetic bag ! 
I can't say enough positive things about this bag . 
This solves that problem being able to where everything is at a glance . 
The larger pockets at the bottom are perfect for several larger 12 oz bottles such as sunblock and hairspray . 
Love this travel bag ! 
It keeps me organized and hangs perfectly on a hotel room bathroom door . 
Folds up and keeps my make up safe when I travel . 
I bought this for a trip to Disney , because I had read that if you keep toiletries on the counter , they sometimes get sticky from the cleaning spray the housekeeping uses . 
I just love it for keeping all your toiletries in one place , and then you can hang it up in the bathroom to keep organized . 
Tons of pockets for different sizes of items . 
And very reasonably priced . 
This organizer works well for us . 
We traveled frequently in the last year and we enjoy all of the many pockets . 
Upon arrival at our hotel , we just hang it in the bathroom and have access to all our toiletries . 
My husband has wide feet and while these are a lighter color than I would normally buy for him , the style was great and they didn't make his feet look wide . 
He wore them yesterday for the first time and reported back to me that they were pretty comfortable for the first day . 
He cinched them up tight with the laces and they work fine . 
They're very comfortable , match with anything and look really nice . 
He wears them everywhere and they still look brand new . 
After some coaxing , he raved about the comfort and is a Sperry convert . 
Sooo , I returned them again . 
I bought these because a landscaper working for me has a crack issue . 
These things work great ! 
Well worth the money . 
Had some issues with pebbles getting into them at certain beaches , but not anything that was too much of an issue . 
I LOVE them and bought my Dad a pair for Father's day . 
These are are replacement pair ... he loved the first pair so much , he wore them out in two years of nearly daily use . 
I bought them in the Navy in 2004 and I've been everywhere with them . 
I absolutely LOVE them . 
These are the real deal . 
:-) Still comfortable . 
Still durable . 
Still awesome . 
He wears normal sizes ( not wide ) . 
These fit well ; are comfortable and look great . 
He is also doing concrete work with these on ! 
Got a great deal on them . 
I am sure they will clean up well . 
They are very comfortable and decently warm . 
If it's a harsh winter , I'll throw on a polypropelyne sock liner underneath . 
I find that after about a year , they start to wear a bit and the fabric starts to get weaker , which can lead to holes.This led me to experiment with Darn Tough socks , which have a lifetime guarantee . 
They're just the best out there as far as comfort is concerned . 
Nice way to keep your feet from seawting and smelling . 
Makes htat walk so much more enjoyable espcially when you take off your shoes . 
It also makes the shoe or boot you are wearing more comfortable . 
Lounging around in just socks inside is also more comfortable , almost like wearing a slipper . 
Smart wool hiking socks are awesome best socks I've ever bought they were so comfortable I love them and yes I will buy more and I would recommend this family or friends . 
Highly recommend . 
These are incredibly comfortable . 
I love weari g them out and about or around the house . 
The pockets are nice as well . 
They are perfect because they aren't too short and wash really well . 
Nice and soft material . 
The pockets are great for phone and keys . 
5 ' 3 " and 120 lbs , the medium fit great , not too big ( do not like tight fitting ) . 
Fit great , wash up nicely and are very comfortable . 
These fit perfectly , just the right length , good quality fabric ... just what I needed and wanted . 
Thankfully , Amazon come through again . 
So comfortable , great fit , perfect pockets , and I plan to order more pairs . 
They are great for hanging out around the house , and I also wear them for light exercise - like a tap dancing class I'm taking . 
Flattering , too . 
I use this product to protect my backpack and rain jacket on my short commute to work on my bicycle . 
They are true to size and a must for layering . 
The quality doesn't look great . 
Doesn't keep me that warm either . 
A cotton shirt might have been able to do the same job . 
I was sort of disappointed when I received this because I expected it to be fitted and it is too loose to comfortably where under fitted sweaters . 
It also snags easily so be careful with rings , etc . 
However , the feel of the fabric is wonderful , and I am still able to wear it under certain things . 
Nevertheless , it is still warm and thin , which I was looking for . 
I own these in white too and love both ( as well as the shirt too ! ) 
We had a very cold winter this year and these really helped keep me warm without feeling bulky at all ! 
He loved them so much , on payday , he is ordering the same pair but in navy . 
He will love these sneakers . 
Great quality , nice color ( I like the bottom platform too , looks like cork ) , fits as expected , vegan . 
This is the second Carhartt jacket I have bought my husband . 
He loves them because they come in tall & they are nice and roomy ! 
It's a Men's watch and although I am a woman , it looks good on my dainty wrist . 
Large face watches are still in and this looks really classic , simple and stylish enough for everyday . 
I love the date / day mode as well . 
The blue face is such a nice color and I think will look great in the summer too ! 
Can't say enough … it just a great watch , fashionable and a great price ! 
Enjoy ! 
This one however is a bit on the small side , both the watch face and the wrist fit run small , so not intended for larger men . 
This is a very nice watch that keeps good time . 
It's an attractive easy to read watch that's priced right . 
At first it fit a little tighter than I liked , but I easily adjusted to the fit . 
Clear , readable dial and contrasting hands , breathable band . 
The only thing I don't particularly like is the very large bright red " Timex " label on the band . 
Timex makes a great watch for people that abuse them . 
It has a very easy to read face and is just the perfect size . 
Looks sporty yet can still look right with business casual clothing . 
I love it . 
My last one still runs I just tore up the band due to using it at work . 
Highly recommend it . 
This has always been one of my favorite watches and it goes great with country boots , jeans and a tee shirt . 
Love it , love it , love it ! ! 
It's an old fashioned analog alarm that rings every hour or every 12 - hours , depending on how you set the stem . 
Nice loud chime and it lights up at night , to boot . 
I tend to scratch the crystal and I rub off most of the ring detail in that time . 
Then , I just buy a new one and change out the expandable wrist strap I prefer to the leather band that comes with it . 
He likes all the feature , backlight , timer , stop watch , alarm . 
The band is the best , it has a strap that goes under the watch that helps to keep the pressure off the pins . 
It's Velcro so easy to remove when needing to quickly . 
The second hand is flowers that work their way around the clock . 
Her color is purple , and the watch is purple . 
Great little watch . 
My niece loved it and it will help her learn to tell time easily . 
They do nothing for the shape of my legs , but it's not worth the hassle to return them . 
Pants fit great and plenty of room for comfort . 
Long lasting and great excellent works pants for any job for any work environment 
All Carhartts are sized differently no matter where you buy them and always have . 
We knew ahead of time which style size we wanted , and amazon saved us the 60 mile drive to the nearest CalRanch to purchase these . 
You can walk through a field of burrs and not feel them , and they are great in the snow . 
Highly recommended as long as you know your size , because EVERY STYLE IS DIFFERENT . 
They have held up better than every other pair of jeans I've ever owned . 
Great pants , I own several pairs ! 
They hold up great , last for years . 
I also love that they don't shrink in the dryer.My only gripe is that the inseam is a tad too long , but that's how all Carhartt pants run for me so I'm used to it . 
Build quality is incredible they will last forever . 
These were a gift for my husband . 
I have seen variation's of at least an inch in inseam & waist . 
MY HUSBAND FARMS , WELDS , CLEARS FENCE LINES , CUTS TIMBER , ETC AND ALWAYS WEARS OUT OR RIPS THE DENIM JEANS DOWN THE THIGHS WHILE THE REST OF THE FABRIC LOOKS LIKE NEW . 
GOT 2 PAIR ( ONE ON AND ONE IN THE WASH ) JUST TO SEE HOW THEY'D WEAR . 
AT LAST A PAIR OF JEANS EVEN HE COULDN'T RUIN . 
TIGHTLY WOVEN DUCK MATERIAL WITH DOUBLE THIGH FABRIC WON'T GET RIPPED UP BY BRIARS AND UNDERBRUSH . 
DIESEL FUEL ROLLS OFF THE TIGHTLY WOVEN FABRIC AND BACKHOE GREASE SCRAPES RIGHT OFF . 
REAR POCKETS ARE TACKED ON SO TIGHT EVEN GETTING CAUGHT ON TREE BRANCHES AS HE'S RUNNING THE BACKHOE WONT TEAR THEM . 
It keeps very good time , and it is eleglance proves it . 
My girlfriend loves it and wears it to work everyday . 
My daughter picked out this watch herself and it is great . 
The Indiglo light allows here to read it at night . 
The band is easy to adjust , it's soft and pretty . 
This is a great and fun watch . 
Love the expandable , adjustable band and the fun second hand . 
Perfect for small children . 
I use it on a necklace that i rarely take off . 
I've always purchased jewelry silver polishing cloths at the jewelers , but this is an even better cloth than the ones I've bought in the past . 
Very reasonably priced , large size and excellent at cleaning and polishing silver ! 
I highly recommend this polishing cloth ! 
I am quite pleased with this product to clean my silver jewelry . 
My jewelry store advised that I should only use a cloth to polish my silver bracelets and necklaces , as silver jewelry can be made with many different types of silver . 
I am happy with the two step cloth system ; one to clean and the second to polish . 
this cloth is a wonderful and simple way to clean your sterling silver jewelry that has become tarnished from every day use or non-use . 
the cloth is both soft , sturdy and thick . 
a great cleaning tool ! 
If you want something to walk around the park , or when weather is hot & humid ( like in Asia ) , this is THE sandal to grab . 
The Keen Venice style is the most comfortable fit for someone with a B width foot . 
It's very comfortable and has that Keen style . 
Very good arch support , and you can wash them in the machine.Pretty darn good . 
Otherwise , the shoes seemed well made and comfortable and they easily accommodated my wide feet and narrow heels . 
My adorable free spirit daughter absolutely loves these shoes ! 
Her style must is comfort and all her cute little shorts and tees go great with them ... and if it even matters , her feet look teensy ! 
I have a pair of 8.5 Keen leather shoes that I like very much so that is my usual size . 
I measured the 9 sandal against my 8.5 leather Keen and they are the same length and width . 
The 8.5 sandal is smaller than my 8.5 Keen leather shoe . 
The foot bed on the sandal seems to provide some arch support and I love the nice wide toe box . 
My toenails are not my best feature . 
I noticed that my doctor wears these sandals all of year round in her office so I thought I would give them a try . 
I love my Keen leather shoes so I expect these sandals to become favorites as well . 
Keen brand shoes are so comfortable you can forget that you are even wearing shoes and that is how shoes should feel , completely comfortable . 
I love Keens and I am grateful that Amazon will allow me to purchase two sizes and return the size that did not fit as well . 
With Prime membership the return shipping is free . 
Gotta love that ! 
This is my 10th pair of Keen Venice sandals . 
I am so happy to get a great red pair again , I left my old red ones in Spain , and have wanted a pair since . 
Comfort ! 
Recommend these sandals for anyone looking for style , comfort . 
I wore them for 2 weeks straight and hiked all over Guatemala and Honduras and the Bay Islands . 
They're amazing . 
The only drawback is that it's a little hard to get a stone or sand out , but that's a decent tradeoff for comfortable feet in my opinion . 
This is a shoe for travel , I read other reviews and decided it was what I needed for a visit to Easter Island.Sand , water , rocks , hiking , slick rocks and such , heat , comfort . 
Wow these are just great for everything and my feet are happy at the end of the day . 
I love these shoes . 
They are so comfortable . 
Highly recommend ! 
They fit perfectly . 
They are so comfortable . 
I received many compliments on my shoes . 
" That's what she said " jokes aside , this jacket is super duper warm . 
It was also a bit stiff . 
My other one is the C003 model that looks similar but this one has somethings that sets it apart from the other : 1 ) the outer material is not a cotton denim that can fray but is 100 % nylon ( not shiny either ) 2 ) the right sleeve has EXTREMES embroidered into it 3 ) the white / tan Carharrt tag on the left chest is back / gray / white . 
It fits a bit larger , also , than my other Carharrt . 
They have gotten less bulky , but still just as warm ! 
True to size . 
My husband had one in the past and the fabric was totally different and it was thicker . 
Luckily , the seller was awesome and took it back since it was a different style so kudos there ! 
He says that it keeps him relatively warm on chilly days and on the really cold days he just layers it with his fleece jacket and stays relatively comfortable . 
He believes it should be durable to hold up to the rigors of his job as well which is nice , considering how much clothing he has torn up working . 
bought for the hubby for xmas and he got to it before santa could bring it to him . 
he loves it though 
This jacket is everything it claims to be - keeps him warm in below freezing weather , looks sharp , has the inside pockets which are a must for my husband . 
He's 6 ' 1 and 250 lbs . 
Highly recommend . 
This is the best Jacket i have ever owned . 
when it say Arctic quilt it is true , the jacket keeps you so warm it is crazy . 
i uses it for atv ridding and outdoor work . 
this winter in NY has been rough this is the only jacket i have wore , with a tee shirt . 
Love the hood acutely fits my head . 
This jacket will last for ever . 
This jacket is very warm and makes a good winter work jacket for me here in connecticut . 
45 degrees and up you sweat . 
The hood is insulated so its very warm . 
Every time I look at Carhartt reviews , there are reviews on multiple items lumped together . 
So , I bought these as a Christmas presant for my HUsband , who works outside . 
The other day , it was 6 degrees outside , and windy as hell . 
He was warm enough to keep working . 
If it is binding , then get a larger size . 
Kept me warm and dry during two weeks of outdoor work in Quebec last year . 
Keep in mind they are sized a bit large to fit extra layers underneath ! 
In fact , for doing outdoorsy things such as shoveling snow , it may be too warm . 
The biggest complain he has is with the stiffness and it's almost impossible to take off from his shoulders . 
I love . 
shipping was flawless ... just an overall great experience . 
Dickies pants have varying cuts so be careful when ordering . 
Otherwise , very nice original Dickies . 
Son needs straight leg cut , even though he wears Big Mens . 
Although I am pleased with the material I cannot wear thes pants because they are too tight . 
Ironically I bought a pair of levi's same size and they fit perfectly . 
Got these for work ( Work as a Paramedic ) , so these do its job by being somewhat water-proof , good fit , and durable . 
They come super starchy , the size runs pretty small . 
Depending on what you want of a work pant , this gets the job done , but just not that great of quality and will probably be thrown away after some use in a year or so . 
The color is a deep chocolate brown , the fit is great . 
The quality is great . 
The Dickies label on pants stand for quality and the pants I just received are just that . 
Dickies consistent fit and quality are always something I can count on . 
The Amazon pricing is always the best also . 
I love these for work . 
They are stiff as cardboard the first two washes but give them a couple week and and they are wicked soft and comfortable but hold up MUCH longer than regular jeans . 
Not the best pants in the world but these are Dickies . 
Color . 
Standard wash and dry . 
If I leave them in the drier too long they come out wrinkled and I just hang them for a day and they come out fine . I bought these to replace 2 other pairs I have in rotation that I have worn at the office for 3 years now.Belt loops are a tad tight for thicker leather belt . 
These always fit great ... these are the original Dickies 874 ' s.They wash well , and don't shrink.Awesome that they come in so many different lengths / waist size combinations . 
Great selection of color.Solid work pants for outdoor road construction . 
and they look good off the job to . 
Great quality . 
Rugged enough for work or comfortable enough for play . 
Nice product , great price . 
The best brand for working pants I have ever bought . 
Great work pants ... seem a bit undersized in the waist ... wrangler jeans are comfortably loose in a 36 waist and these are just a tad snug . 
Perfect work pants . 
Highly recommend Dickies 874 to all my friends . 
These were very good , inexpensive pants . 
They clean easily . 
Amazon's online sizing chart matched the delivered pants very well . 
They are comfortable for my husband . 
The pants fit perfectly and they are of good quality for their price . 
It is not the highest quality as it is too warm in the sometimes but they are really good pants if you need something cheap and of good quality . 
These are still my go to pants . 
These will always be my go to pants for work and I suggest them for anyone looking for a pair of high quality pants . 
Excellent quality , very durable . 
this is warm and very attractive . 
Since they were only a couple bucks it seemed pointless to return them if I had to pay for shipping and handling so I'm keeping them . 
Other than my own stupidity they're great ! 
These are an OK value for the price , but they only lasted 3 or 4 wearings before they ran . 
They don't stay up very well - - a common problem with this type of stocking - - but can easily be used with a garter ( which is a sexier look in any case ) . 
I prefer sooth top to lace . 
Love the look of these . 
But if you're short , these are great . 
It was along the toe seam so I just used clear nail polish to stick them together but they're soft and comfortable and the top isn't too tight they work great with my garter belt . 
Don't try to fit into smaller sizes because you're proud , these are just fine . 
Anyhow , I figured plus size would work . 
Also , I absolutely know my bra size and ordered this in my correct size and it was WAY small . 
I'd take that into consideration when buying and , if you are busty like me , you might want to go a different direction . 
I'm always looking for a comfortable bra to wear during endless hours working from home at my computer . 
This bra seemed like a great idea to avoid back hooks that get very uncomfortable . 
Forget it . 
I received this bra today , and was eager to at least try it on . 
It is comfortable , BUT , it seems like it's a little smaller than what I am used for for a 44 . 
I don't see how because there's nothing sharp or sticking out on my ring . 
Overall , it is a fairly decent bra , it is comfy and pretty stretchy , just don't get anything around it that may get a hold of the threads in it . 
I hope the problem with this bra is that the one I received was sized incorrectly . 
This was definitely not a comfortable bra . 
This is a pretty bra , nice wide shoulder straps and hooks in the front . 
She says that they give your bust a nice lift , which was unexpected because this isn't an underwire bra . 
This is a very nice and cumfy non-formal bra to wear at home or while going for a quick ride in the car . 
Easy on , easy off . 
This bra is very comfortable . 
Very comfortable , and fits great . 
For the most part it's quite comfortable . 
The band is a little snug-feeling by the end of the day - but that's why I opted for a front closure ( and can reasonably unhook the bottom 1 or 2 hooks ) . Hopefully some ladies agree with me : the bra I put on in the morning ( comfy ) is not the one I take off at night ( band is too snug ) . 
This bra is as close as it comes to being the best answer to that problem . 
Although the cup size is right , the length of the shoulder straps causes binding in the armpit area . 
My boobs seep out the bottom a bit but that's kind of how minimizers work anyway . 
This one is the best I've experienced so far . 
I ordered a 40F / G / H and it fits nicely , but a bit snug . 
I found the fabric to be soft and comfortable but not at all flimsy . 
The front hooks are a bit cumbersome but I believe that's what makes it as stabilizing as it is ... plus it's been nice to be able to undo the bottom few hooks to make it more comfortable for me . 
I tried a number of bras pre-surgery , but this one and one by AMOENA were by far the best fitting and most comfortable . 
The front hooks have made getting into and out of this bra easy enough for me to manage without help . 
All in all , I've been very happy . 
This bra design is smart , comfortable and fit well . 
Best bra I have owned yet . 
I sometimes will forgo comfort for design , but why do that when you don't need to ? 
Wacoal bras are made beautifully . 
They have great staying power and look great under clothing . 
What I especially like about Wacoal is that they don't just make a model in every size . 
They modify the bra depending on the support needed . 
That is why they have larger back straps and more hooks for larger busted women . 
I highly recommend you give this a try ... you won't be disappointed . 
Looks very nice . 
It is a very comfortable bra . 
It shipped quickly and when I opened it up the product seemed to be of the usual high quality that comes with a Wacoal bra . 
The cup size was fine but the band was far too small . 
These briefs are comfortable and breathable . 
The material is soft , yet stretchy . 
I will be ordering more of these briefs . 
Have a vintage style and look to them . 
Sometimes skimpy panties are the way to go , and other times a classic look is what you're going for . 
Recommended product . 
These underwear are very comfortable , do not ride up and wick away sweat so they are beneficial for daily living as well as working out . 
Realistically these are not exciting panties . 
This is for when you have to live your real life and need something comfortable that doesn't end up wedged between your butt cheeks . 
Very comfortable and a great buy . 
My new panties are so soft and comfortable . 
But my Jockey's are great . 
Nice and silky and very comfortable . 
I am between a C and D cup but this looks marvelous with a tee shirt and does not pinch or cut . I wish Bali would make a c + or D - cup . 
Returned ... Lace wasn't soft , so definantly uncomfortable . 
Also , the cups are very strange . 
Resembled a balloon that wasn't blown up entirely . 
Best description I could come up with . 
I have always wear Bali bras , however my first purchase form amazon . 
The material is rough and uncomfortable to wear . 
Great lift , See thru , fits OK , straps NOT elastic so if you move much they tend to go off the shoulder , cups a bit large compared to my other bali bras while around chest / back is just a bit smaller . 
Comfy and smooth everywhere except where cup wire terminates under the armpit - scratchy there after an hour or so - which means I wore it and can not return . 
It's well made , it's sized accurately & it was affordable . 
This pretty , soft , lacy bra is also very supportive and uplifting . 
It provides full coverage , and the fabric is fine enough to wear under a tee shirt . 
The strap adjusters are in the front , where they belong ! 
Great bra , fits perfectly and gives good support 
I'm a weird size ( 32DD ) so I have a hard time finding comfortable bras that are pretty and fit properly . 
This has been one of my favorite bras and was happy to be able to find in the size I wanted on Amazon . 
Bought this on a whim , and I absolutely love it ! 
For larger sizes , it's not super supportive , but still gets the job done . 
Really attractive but somehow still kind of modest . 
I hate shopping so was very pleased with the outcome of my online shopping . 
Also hate the padded & molded bra cups so was also pleased to find a great assortment of unpadded bras on amazon ! ! 
I needed to reorder at a smaller size than normal . 
The color and feel and fit of this pantie is wonderful . 
As expected from Vanity Fair , good quality , well fitting briefs . 
These briefs have no fancy tailoring , no uncomfortable sexy cut . 
They are just well fitting , easy-care panties that wash and hold up well . 
I have always purchased underwear from JCP in the past but these are perfect . 
At 5 ft 4 inches and 180 pounds , the size 9 is just right . 
Give these a try if you want cool cotton comfort . 
these are well made but they do shrink a lot when washed so buy a size larger thanusual otherwise the leg openings will not be comfortable . 
The size seem true to size , and they do not ride up . 
They used to make Carter's Spanky pants for women . 
The elastic always hurts for folks with desk jobs . 
Generous in the material . 
I love that these are all cotton and the nicely " padded " or I should probably say just a little thicker leg band is great for summer on any times sweaing is an issue . 
As suggested by other people , this bra DOES run small in the number and a bit more spacious in the cup size than the average bra . 
In my experience , it is rare to find a sports bra that doesn't create a breast shelf on larger cup-size women . 
It's very comfortable as well . 
Regarding fit , I initially ordered one cup size larger than my usual size since my past experience with sports bras was that they ran a bit small . 
I found this not true for this style bra , so I returned it and ordered my usual size which is just right . 
This is a beautiful , well-fitting bra . 
I love the fit & feel of it . 
I find these bras to be very comfortable with nice support . 
The straps stay in place and the back doesn't ride up on me . 
Love love the color ... 
I'm a 42D , and that's the size I ordered - it fits perfectly and is much more comfortable than it looks . 
Good fit , good color and comfortable . 
I love the feel of this bra and the color ! ! ! 
These are the most comfortable bras and come true to size . 
Thankfully Amazon has it , and I love it . 
Great comfort and look without the wire ! 
Their ok though . 
I have very small shoulders , and a lot of times I have to adjust my straps multiple times an hour because they slip down , but not these . 
I had high hopes but this is too small for my cups . 
Good material , good quality item . 
These are very pretty , however I chose to rate them 3 stars because they are very very shear . I feel like they will tear really fast . 
If you have any bit of rough skin or a small callus on your foot , forget these , they are one use only stockingings . 
They were an accessory to an out fit that he was very pleased with . 
I'm so glad I didn't listen to the reviews , because these are absolutely perfect.PRE - NOTE : I am 5 ' 0 , 98lbs , with medium / average-sized thighs . 1 . 
The lace and sheerness of the thigh-highs are just like in the picture , extremely flattering ! 3 . 
My boyfriend hasn't closed his mouth yet ... 
They're worth every bit of $ 15 and I got them for 9 ! Hopefully this helps ! 
These stockings in the queen 1 are awesome . 
I love love love these . 
I love them in the nude color . 
I love the color of the jet black . 
It fits nicely and doesn't sag . 
these are ok if you have to wear pantyhose , but they are not as comfortable as no-nonsense non-control top pantyhose 
i think i have these nylon pantyhose in the reinforced toe pantyhose too . 
Hard to pick the color online ! 
I have a light complexion , I wear the lightest shades for foundation . 
I want something true sheer without color . 
but i am really liking my hanes pantyhose and nylons , theyre very sheer pantyhose for a sexy look but very durable pantyhose that hold up to my daily pantyhose wear , i wear high heels and pantyhose to work everyday and high heels can wear my pantyhose down , so i prefer reinforced toes pantyhose and hanes pantyhose has lots of reinforced toe pantyhose to choose from , i like sheer toe pantyhose but they run more . 
i find it hard , very hard , in the morning to pick my favorite pantyhose to pull up , i have so many different kinds of pantyhose and nylons , but hanes sheer pantyhose are one of my new favorites 
I'm very small and very pale , so it has been difficult for me to find hosiery at an affordable price . 
This is a true A / B so it fits without a bunch of sagging or gathering , and the color is a perfect match for my skin tone . 
I find these to be quite energizing . 
Highly recommended . 
The Good : I love these socks . 
The warmth is fantastic and they feel comfortable with all types of shoes.The Bad : They are thick , but this is probably why you bought them anyway . 
Just be aware that you may have tight shoes start to fit strangely because of that thickness . 
These have come in mighty handy in this especially cold winter . 
These are still without a hole after a month 
These were towards the top of the list . 
Be aware they are pretty thick , so if your shoes are tight you may have issues . 
Wigwam has made improvements over old model socks by reenforcing the easily worn spots . 
I love to see improvements like this from any company . 
They don't smell after being worn all day and they keep your feet as dry as your shoes will allow . 
The quality is truly excellent so far ( we'll see how they age ) . 
I've always bought Wigwam.Cold feet - so I buy these for winter.Thin enough to fit in all my shoes / bootsyet thick enough for warm cushion . 
Socks that keep my feet dry . 
Socks that are warm but still breath . 
They cost a lot , but give a lot back . 
Regardless of outside temperatures they are comfortable and dry . 
My feet love these ! 
Regardless of the size , the socks are good friends in cool weather . 
There's a lot of good support along the length of the foot and the extra stitching at the heel is very comfortable as well . 
these are really nice socks and i recommend splurging on a few pairs specifically for hiking . 
my feet stay dry and comfortable throughout the hike . 
They are very comfortable due to thickness , but that's not what I want in a trail sock . 
Always recommend especially when you get a good deal . 
Really nice to see Levi branching out to offer additional jeans colors and fabrics . 
I usually wear 501 ' s or 517s ' . 501 ' s since a teenager , and 517 ' s are great motorcycle pants , because they fit over the boots just enough to look great . I got 505 ' s out of curiosity . I have been doing lots of AB , and glute work , ( stomach and leg presses ) and 501 ' s sit lower , and are baggy in certain areas . 517 ' s are great bike gear , but ride higher up on the hips . 
33x32 , and 32x32 . I was a 35 waist.the material in 505 ' s are different than 501 , and 517.while 501 and 517 ' s are more a traditional thicker ' jean material ' , the 505 ' s are not.while the sewing looks like a 501 , but has a zipper like a 517 , its a lighter and more stretchy material.the 33 ' s fit good , but the 32 ' s are allmost too tight right now . 
they look like they have been ' painted on ' me . 
I am 5 ' 9 " and 170 . 
Levi's 505 jeans have been my go-to work pants for about the past 20 years . 
As always this jeans delivered . 
Good quality for a nice price 
these are jeans to replace my other one that finally got worn out after 3 years of service . 
very pleased and recommended . 
I've bought a lot of Levi's 505 from Amazon within the last two years . 
However , they don't last the amount of time I'd expect a pair of jeans should last . 
These don't scream dorky but if you look closely that's what they whisper . 
The Seller is terrific ordered and it shipped and received in BETTER than a timely fashion ! ! 
Now.the jeans although feel and fit very nice , still do not feel like they use to back in the good ole days of 505 and 501 Levis ! ! 
This does not mean that I do not like the feel and comfort , they do feel very good and fit very nicely , I certainly will purchase another couple of pairs of these in the future especially from this seller ! ! 
Recommended and buy from this seller ; they are GREAT ! ! 
Although through out the years , Levis have stopped making them in USA , the offshore jeans are still pretty good . 
I give credit to Levis for sourcing their jeans all over the world , and yet are able to ensure the quality of its product . 
The current straight fit still fits me fine . 
However , when I received them , the material was much thinner than the standard " Rigid " 505 ' s that I usually order . 
They washed fine , but the material is definitely thinner than standard Levi's . 
Love the quality of levis jeans and its very comfortable ! 
They are also of great value as compared to retails outlet ! 
Will wait to see if they hold as well as past purchases . 
I was going to return them , but I decided to wash them and see if they would shrink . 
Is my size , confortable . 
I'm happy with my levi's pant 
product with good cut.however very quickly loses color after a few washes especially in the front . 
I live in Venezuela and would not be easy trying to return the product for such failures.thanks and regards . 
I hope to correct the details . 
These jeans look great and fit well . 
Get a pair , you won't regret it ! 
I like it so much , the color is nice , the material is good , the designer is totally original . I recommended this product 
These are kind of a faded black color . 
These have the zip fly , and I prefer the button fly . 
Actually I think the zipper may help increase the life of my jeans . 
Other colors are great . 
Seat is usually way too tight or too baggy ( as is the fit ) , inseam is always way too long . 
They always fit , and they last for a long time of wear and tear . 
My husband is a Levi's guy and these dark stonewash are modern without being trendy . 
I also love that I can get these in 29 inch length which you can't find in most stores . 
Very happy with these . 
Not much more to say , fit great and look great as always . 
I love the wash and the fit on these jeans . 
I was on a mission to find a good solid pair of jeans and I didn ' t mind spending some money either . 
I look at Tru Religion , Seven , etc . 
the color is great and he said it is comfy to move around . 
My son looks great in these and they will last the school year ! 
I dropped 2 inches recently in my waist and had to buy several pairs . 
I am keeping the old bigger ones just in case , but I hope I keep my narrower waist . 
I am 6 ft 3 and weigh about 200 pounds . 
The 36 34s fit me perfectly . 
Have used this wacoal bra for years . 
Highly recommend getting fitted for this particular bra first . 
The bra provides full figured support . 
The bra is smooth and attractive under t shirts . 
The underwire is comfortable , not poking into my sides . 
I agree with all the reviews that say the band on this bra runs small . 
For comparison's sake , I am usually a 38 band and I have the Champion 1602 that is a 38ddd . 
I measured it against this bra and it was the same length as the 44 ! 
To me that's a huge difference . 
I have owned other Wacoal bras and this one was too tight on the shoulder straps other than that it was okay . 
This garment is made with great quality . 
The inner-contour bands in the middle help create a fierce silhouette . 
Pair with a bullet bra for an extreme look that is bound to turn heads . 
But , I purchased two cinchers and this one fits exactly as expected . 
Just so you know at first you will think it is too small but once you hook it up it fits snug but comfy . 
Start from the top when hooking together . 
It makes my waist look tiny and smooths my little muffin top , helps make tummy look flatter . 
I have bought several different kinds but this one is the only one I continue to use . 
I have it in black , in extra small . 
I am 5 ' 2 , 120 , I use to be 100-110 , but this still fits good . 
This does work as expected but the material is very stiff and is not as comfortable as I would like it be . 
The color is good for my fair skin and light clothing . 
I bought a 34F and it gives me great lift and shape . 
Very comfortable to wear and straps are wide enough not to dig in . 
The back strap is wider than usual so that is nice . 
always as good fit and sexy on - made for large busts . 
been ordering it for years and always happy . 
Looks great . 
Feels solid / durable . 
The distressed leather is beautiful and it surprisingly has a lot of room ! 
Love love love ! 
I wouldn't even look at anything else ever again , and I searched alot for good cotton underwear . 
This bra was a good price and fits perfectly . 
It is very comfortable and I use them for long work days when I need something comfortable . 
They are great under a T-shirt . 
This style / brand carried my size and upon arriving I noticed the fit is fabulous . 
I bought one in every color . 
Very supportive , I highly recommend this product . 
An uncomfortable bra is like ill-fitting shoes and makes me cranky . 
This bra not only looks nice , it fits perfectly and looks great under tee shirts and other sheer cotton shirts / tops . 
This bra is also smooth looking underneath sweaters . 
This bra stays in place and is comfortable for our hot humid summer days in the south . 
I highly recommend this for purchase . 
Just a really comfortable bra and the color is great because it doesn't show through anything . I wash it in the washer in a lingerie bag and hang it to dry and it still has held its shape and size after months of wear . 
The cups are still very smooth , no weird wrinkles or anything ! 
Shoulder straps don't fall off my tiny shoulders like a lot of bras do , which I realllly appreciate . 
The picture is nice and presents a pretty bra . 
Always have liked this bra : Great to be able to buy on-line and have delivered . 
No seams perfect for smooth contour . 
Comfortable , true to size . 
Comfortable and fit was on point . 
The latest purchase was the white which is somewhat smaller in cut than others . 
Love these pants . 
Combined with boots , these are nice for the winter weather . 
I am 6 ' 6 " and love them . 
Quads no longer fit , but for the average non-lifitn human that walks this Earth they are the best jeans out there . 
The longer lasting type of Levi's , boot cut is fine . 
As usual they are bigger in the waist than Wrangler's . 
Over , happy with what I got . 
The soles are removable in these shoes , which real K Swiss does not do . 
They are so uncomfortable ! 
They don't soften up , and now because they were worn to find all of this out , I doubt I can return them . 
I love them . 
I like them and they look great with scrubs . 
I said it fit's somewhat small - after it was washed and dried it was only slightly on the very verge of being small . 
This shirt is long from neck to hem , so this would be great for tucking in , but looks just fine if you leave it untucked . 
Relaxing to wear around the house and outside . 
Great quality shirt at a great price . 
Overall great product . 
I bought a small and managed to squeeze into it . 
After wearing it for probably 6 hours I took it off only to find that it had formed a crease below my new belly button , and my scars on the side , where the incision ruffles , were more ruffled looking than normal . 
I'm 5 ' 4 " and 170 ( and losing ! ! ) 
I'm so happy with the results ! ! 
I kept it on through the evening last night to see how it felt as it settled on my body , and it doesn't seem to shift . 
I'm very pleased with this undergarment ! 
I also liked how discrete it is under my shirts . 
The only issue that I have is that you can definitely see the boning and snaps under anything that's not too thick ( i . e . 
Ok I'm making a re reveiw becuase one of the seams riped and the wire came out after one wash .. 
This size certainly provides some shaping and support - but not to the extent I'd predicted based on reviews . 
But overall , I am pleased with my purchase . 
Worked just fine for the occasion , but I would rather have the top of the stockings be visible since they're quite pretty . 
For reference , I'm 5 ' 1 " . 
I love these thigh High's . 
My husband loves them also . 
I thought I needed a garter to hold them up but they stay up perfectly on my thighs 
I'm 5 ' 2 " and always have problems with thigh highs . 
but they feel okay and have a nice natural color to them . 
The look great with some other lingerie that she bought . 
I was afraid they wouldn't stay up on my legs , but to be quiet honest they held up great . 
There is a small elastic band made into the top which grips on to your skin . 
I have large thighs and these were amazing . 
They fit around my thighs comfortably and they held up for an entire night of dancing at EDC Vegas without slipping ! 
These are my favorite pair of thigh highs by far . 
I even bought some at Fredricks as a back up and these were the absolute best . 
I LOVE these tights . 
They are sexy and fit beautifully . 
I wore them to my fiance's work party and received many compliments for brining back this vintage style . 
She likes it , and my goodness does she look great in it . 
These are simple the best . 
Super comfortable and they don't ride up or show through your pants . 
giving it five stars is suitable to this Skagen series . 
very beautiful watch , simple and sleek . 
black is the best 
Quality is great and it's very well constructed . 
That being said , it is a little scratchy and I had to return it because it does not work for my full on bottom breasts . 
It provides good support but it pokes me in the armpits every time I bend over to pick something up ( which I do all day long since I have small children at home . 
This bra is extremely comfortable , affordable and pretty too ! 
Nothing my sewing machine can't fix though . 
All in all I'd recommend to someone like me whose been searching for a comfortable yet pretty bra for their girls ( I'm 32GG ) . 
I am happy overall 
This is a very nice bra and provides great support , but the shape does not work for my body . 
I have wide rooted breasts that start at my underarms . 
I was able to wash it several times , it held up . I was so glad I ordered 2 . 
SHE SAYS THAT THIS IS THE BEST BRA EVER . 
SHE SAYS ITS VERY COOL & LIGHT AND SHE CAN SLEEP WITH IT WITHOUT HURTING HER . 
SHE SAYS SHE DOSENT FEEL LIKE ITS SQUEEZING HER , AND THAT SHE JUST PULLS DOWN THE PART FOR EASY ACCESS TO FEED THE BABY . 
SO I AM ORDERING 4 MORE FROM THIS SELLER 2 IN BLK & 2 IN WHITE . 
ALSO , THANKS TO ALL OF YOU WHO WROTE GREAT REVIEWS ABOUT THIS BRA , BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT HELPED ME BUY THESE FOR MY DAUGHTER . 
ALSO , LETS GIVE A BIG HAND TO THIS SELLER FOR FAST SERVICE , AND HAVING PLENTY IN STOCK FOR COLOR AND SIZES , ITS HARD TO FIND THESE DAYS WHAT YOU WANT IN APPAREL BECAUSE OF DISCONTINUATIONS . 
Love Natalie bras . 
Shipped fastCotton fabric breathes well and is comfortable . 
I hate my boobs touching each other when I'm exercising , or really any time . 
I highly recommend these sandals . 
I have several sandals from Reef and they are well made , comfortable and nice looking . 
I will probalby by more in different colors and styles . 
These slippers are very comfortable of good quality , I bought these for my mother and she loves them . 
I plan on getting myself a pair also . 
They fit true to size and the slight splash of color on the inside compliments the slipper . 
KEEN Men's Newport H2 Sandal , Raven / Aluminum , 11.5 M US - These shoes are AWESOME . 
We have been KEEN fans for years , unfortunately KEEN's do not come in extra wide widths , so i could not wear them however i kept them because someone else was able to wear them and i know what a good shoe this is . 
Great shoes for ( m ) to ( d ) shoe widths . 
Love this color . 
However in hot & humid weather , my foot sweats in this due to the enclosure around the front . 
He enjoyed them a lot . 
Thank you to my keen overlords for keeping the well endowed in mind . 
I've recently ( last 30 days ) bought three pair of KEEN shoes . 
We just love how they fit and look with everything . 
I love Keen products in general . 
Everything they make is the best of class IMHO . 
I have extra wide ( 4E ) feet and these are fantastic . 
Fit was too small sent back but kept the CX Sandle and the Arroyo II even thought the Arroyo was a bit too large . 
He's never had a pair of Keen sandals but after reading the rave reviews , I decided to take a chance and buy them for him . 
Sandals are good quality and comfortable . 
So I recommend buying the Keen sandals . 
It should take into account the sizeThe quality of service was very good and smoothA . 
Good looking , sturdy , comfortable . 
These sandals have been everywhere with me - - - to Indonesia , to India , to Jamaica and Bahamas and all over the Mid-Atlantic States . 
Variety of storage space.Wallet is durable and resistant to contamination.Enjoy the natural use of the Navy to buy Kipling.This wallet also recommended as a gift at an affordable price . 
I love my wallet . 
I used the sizing guide and these come to my belly button and are a little saggy in the back . 
Not terribly noticeable . 
My purchase of Jockey Women's No Panty Line Promise Tactel Hi Cut panties arrived today , they are a very pretty powder blue in color . 
Being they are high cut is nice also . 
I plan on buying more of them in different colors . 
I am very happy ! 
Well see how they hold up , I plan on hand cold washing a drip-drying them too . 
Perfect fit very nice it keeps ypur tummy in and other balls in your body . 
Shipped quickly and arrives in good shape , looks great , can easily be kept behind my car seat for when I need it , it doesn't hurt my head AND most of all , the skinny sides don't ruin my short hairstyle when I take it off or put it on ! 
I guess I must have overlooked that small detail . 
The face of the watch is bit larger than a quarter . 
My wrist are thin , and this watch looks great . 
The best part about the watch is that it is pretty much waterproof so I don't fear it breaking when I forget to take it off when I for instance wash the dishes . 
It is durable , the face can scratch easily but so far I have taken good care of it . 
Finally , finally , finally a strapless bra that is still where I put it on when I take it off as long as 9 - 10 hours later . 
I have never owned a strapless bra that did not , quickly or within 2 hours end up at my waistline unless I was continually tugging , pulling and wiggling it up to where it was meant to be . 
This bra is also comfy and has a good amount of cushion for softness.The fit is very true . 
Wash in cold water and hang up to dry . 
Love this bra ! 
The fit is good , the color is perfect , the quality is great , but , the All-Star emblem is on the INSIDE ankle of each shoe . 
Dad , Mom , and grandparents checked for right shoe on the right foot . 
This pair of Chuck Taylor All-Star Hi - Top Kelly Green Canvas Shoes are DIFFERENT , but we will definitely keep them and our granddaughter cannot wait to wear them to school to show her Hi Fashion Friends . 
Absolutely ! 
It is comfortable and well made . 
- - highly recommend . 
I WORK CONSTRUCTION AND THESE SHIRTS HOLD UP . 
THE SHIRT FIT WELL AND THE COLOR IS FINE . 
these are the best work shirts I have ever bought and look good enough when new to wear down town . 
Well I love Dickie's stuff , so I'm biased . 
Hey , their work clothes hold their shape without ironing , they are water resistant , stain resistant , don't tear easily , and are not expensive . 
Love these shirts . 
They hold up great and resist pilling . 
Length of sleeves are just nice , so are the shoulders . 
But boy does this * * * look big ! 
Good quality , great material . 
Too long and too wide . 
It's a great shirt for musicians and it's very comfortable . 
I've worn these shirts for decades and love them . 
They are nice and long plus I look way less fat in them . 
This shirt is airy , loose , comfortable , robust ... Everyone should own one of these Short Sleeve numbers . 
XX , is a bit too long and the sleeves are also slightly too long but hey , over all it is a great work shirt and that is why I bought it not to make a fashion statement at work . 
I bought this for my husband to try for work . 
It has several pockets that button and it's extra long which is great because he is tall . 
I love Dickies shirts . 
They're perfect for any occasion , for me anyway . 
Nice and long , too . 
Also appreciate the plus sizing . 
4 star because they are nice shirts and not 5 star because i couldnt exchange size . 
He loved them ! 
Great quality , double pockets , casual style . 
Ideal . 
Smooth finish , long tail , comfortable to wear , two pockets ( which is what I really needed ) 
Fits great . 
Just wrinkles very easy , and I hate ironing . 
Just an all around solid shirt from dickies that is pretty cheap . 
I hope Amazon allows me to use that word . 
brought this for my husband who is 5 ' 10 and has a large chest and shoulders , he loved the way it fit ! 
Not only does that look cheap , the rough edges are gathering pills from other fabrics in the laundry . 
The stitching of the button and the buttonhole that shows at the open neckline is cruddy , too . 
Where collar and beard stubble meet is getting pillie and worn after just 2 or 3 wearings . 
He bought four of these but I'd be happy never to see them again . 
bought these for my son ( more than once ) and he loves them , says they are true to size , comfortable , and are much better made than the ones he's bought at Walmart . 
Not sure if Walmart buys seconds , but these ones are the real deal ! 
They hold up well and have room to move . 
The fabric is stiff at first but softens with time 
a brand i will trust . 
priced well for the product received . 
washed them wore them to work Friday they are a little too Long but the quality is top notch a great pair of work breeches ! 
They are very durable and fit great . 
The extra pocket is handy . 
Not carhart thick but definitely thicker than normal jeans . 
They're definitely not Stylish it's a pretty wide cut . 
Great pants for rugged men and boys . 
I am very slender and was surprised to find how incredibly tightly these pants are cut . 
Some of us retired gray-beards in my neighborhood decided to form an " Old Codgers " club , and denim overalls are the approved uniform . 
These Dickies overalls are great for that purpose ! 
There are pockets enough for phone , watch & chain , pocket knife , handkerchief , wallet , sunflower seeds , whatever the aspiring Codger needs during his day . 
All things considered , I highly recommend them ! 
Size wise OK on the waist , hips and thighs but too long . 
Design wise OK . 
Buckles over the shoulders were a bit loose , tweaked them with a pair of plyers and good as new ! 
I've got pretty normal proportions , but the legs felt like circus tents and the waist was slimmer than expected . 
These are thick denim.Made for working for sure . I got them for the look ; ladies love a man in overalls . 
He absolutely loved them . 
Durable , well constructed strong material . 
It seems to be made well and the stitching is solid . 
I'm 5 ' - 10 " 170 lbs and I got a medium . 
It was freakin huge on me . 
Great job Dickies . 
My husband needed a good rain / winter jacket . 
Had the first rain ( a tenth of an inch ) since I purchased this . 
Must stuff it back up the sleeve . 
For the price it is a reasonable purchase . 
My husband can not LIVE without these jeans ! 
They are true to size also . 
So many of the recognizable brands of jeans makers out there are producing product that sit below the natural waist . 
Thank you Carhartt for recognizing this.The B18 Trad-fit jean fits comfortably . 
They have the right amount of room in all the places one needs the right amount of room without the baggy-ness . 
Made of nice , sturdy denim with solid construction , these will hold up well on the work-site . 
And , if you're a casual social event type , their quality construction and good looks pair well with a shirt and sports coat.Nice jeans that can both work and play . 
This is some great jeanery . 
I love them and can tell they will hold up for many years to come . 
These are good strong jeans . 
I think this is the best jean I everwear . 
Everythingyou touch in this garment is quality.It feels strong but not rustic . I recommend it . 
So glad I found these and for a great price ! 
Great job ! 
These are great and comfortable work jeans . 
I bought as a gift and was a hit . 
Fits well with extra inches round the buttock and thigh . 
This one fits me well . 
That will be perfect . 
They fit great , and seem fairly well built , but , the denim is so thin . 
Good as expected . 
These jeans will be with me for awhile . 
Recommended . 
My order arrived in good time & packaged well . 
Otherwise Carhartt is the best ever . 
We always joke if there is ever a nuclear war the only thing left will be Carhartt Coats ! 
carhartt is still selling quality clothes . 
I wish I could afford more of these well made shorts . 
I bought these because of the quality of previous jeans I purchased for my husband . 
So far , the color has not faded . 
Hey , it's Carhartt , so it's quality . 
My moan is just that the color , it didn't quite reflect what I saw online . 
Especially the tall sizes . 
A great value for the money . 
These are good rugged tee shirts for men who work outdoors in construction , farming , logging , whatever . 
These are really durable and comfortable . 
The long sleeves work well as a base layer when long johns are not needed . 
My husband loves , loves , loves , these shirts . 
This is the fourth one he has acquired . 
He rarely requests specific clothing items but he did for this shirt . 
Carhartt and Riggs are the best t-shirts I've owned . 
Most are heather and somewhat dark . 
this was a xmas present for my husband , he loves carhartt . 
The work shirt with outside pocket is ideal to store things . 
The material is strong and washes well . 
this shirt was very nicely made and the product was of good quality . 
A pocket on the t-shirt was nice to have as well . 
These shirts are warm in winter and serve as a layer of protection under my Carhartt long sleeve flannel shirts.If you understand how to layer clothes for warmth and comfort , these shirts complement the plaid shirt very well.Winter weather is no match for a good Carhartt combination . 
My husband wears a large in his Carhartt shirts but these are a bit big . 
I washed them and they came together nicely and fit perfectly now . 
I am very happy with how well they washed up also . 
Great , super comfy , full cut , easy to wash , air dries quick , comfy waist band , will be ordering more of the style 
Great fabric and feel . 
These are surprisingly a little too roomy . 
A little pricey but unlike some of the competing products these are not shear . 
its darn expensive but feels great . 
They give , they breathe , they are snug but not uncomfortable . 
I also purchased a similar product made by Adidas and love them both equally . 
Comfortable , durable , wicking , and easily washed ... best underwear out there IMO . 
In short , I am happy with the product .. 
Here is why I bought them in the first place .. 
He chose these because of the nice quality , fit , etc , but mostly because they dry fast ! ! ! 
I will be carrying one bag , and will have all my travel stuff in it . 
I think they too will be great ! ! ! 
But , as for the boxers , I wanted undies that were travel friendly .. 
I washed them and dried them with some other travel clothes , and most of them dried well enough for my trips .. 
They too dried fast enough for my use , but still not as fast as the Give-N-Go . 
These are great , worth the money , these are all i buy now , hold up in the wash , dont stretch out or ride up , fit great , feel great and highly recommend . 
I have been very happy with this brand of shorts . 
I wear them to travel and they are very comfortable . 
They wash nicelyand fold up into a small space 
The first pair I bought him over 2 years ago got worn once each wash cycle since they are his favorites and are still holding up strong , so they are definitely worth the price . 
I expect these to hold up as well as the original pair . 
If you travel these are a must have . 
It is the only underwear I use now . 
These are definitely some of the most comfortable boxers I've ever worn . 
For hiking and the like , these are great . 
These also run quite a bit larger than other boxer briefs , my medium size is almost baggy . 
Compared to my adidas climalite boxer briefs , which are quite tight , I can feel like I'm swimming in these . 
If I purchase another pair , I'll definitely be sizing down . 
I bought a pair for my husband after hearing someone who is a laborer rave about them . 
I bought two pair and will buy more . 
They are very comfortable , light weight but also snug . 
These hold up great around the waist due to the way their sewn in the waist . 
I do not dry these in a dryer with heat after wash , I have found that they keep their color and newness longer that way . 
So I highly recommend them . 
He's definitely not a world traveler , or a hiker or a mountain climber but he enjoys a comfortable pair of underpants and these fill the bill . 
Now you can believe me or not , but we've been married for a long time and when these arrived I had to explain what the " big deal " was about them . 
He'd forget where they were ! 
Anyway , I chose black as the color . 
Definitely more useful than a frilly card or a box of chocolates . 
But after purchasing two pairs I am buying more . 
If you have the extra money they are really nice . 
The idea is that you can take a couple pairs of these and wear one while you wash the other in a sink , minimizing the underwear you have to bring on a trip . 
The problem is that they don't feel that comfortable . 
I always know they are there.Underwear doesn't take that much space so when packing it isn't a problem to take a few extra , and honestly my Under Armour does not wash inferiorly . 
If you don't mind a baggier fit they're very comfortable and cool , and they wash and dry very quickly . 
If you're camping / backpacking , these are the kind to take to reduce packing ; quick wash and hang to dry at night and they'll be ready by morning . 
The best word to describe these is " breezy " . 
Fits great , comfortable and soft . I'd never heard of ExOfficio as a brand before , but I'm not a big fan . 
I got tired of hearing my boyfriend complain of never having clean underwear so as a sorta gag gift I got him a variety of different brands . 
So for a week he was getting underwear from amazon with a gift note … it made for an amusing week of texts . 
But he did fall in love with the ExOfficio . 
I don't know what it is about the boxer brief , but it is definitely my favorite pair in the drawer . 
They are comfortable and move well with the body . 
Maybe I'm between sizes , because they aren't that comfortable on me . 
The sports briefs are made from a stretchier fabric to fit more body sizes comfortably and wick / dry just as well as ExOfficio . 
I use them for both sports and travel . 
These things take the heat and humidity without a second thought and managed to keep me dry and fresh every day for an entire year . 
The material wicks away sweat and keeps everything happy underneath . 
They also look nice enough to show off in the bedroom . I had a friend join me in PNG for a few months , and he brought a few pairs of cotton boxer briefs . 
These are , by far , the best underwear on the planet . 
You can wash them in a sink , and they dry in a few hours . 
They are also very , very resistant to any odor accumulation.They are almost indestructible . 
- I love it , they wash and dry easy . - They last 3 years a pair for me . - They dont stain-adios skid marks ( not that i ever had them ) - they dont stink from after fart . - they fit snug and keep everything down there where it should be . I bought them for hiking the mountains but now they are an everyday wear for me . 
These were purchased for my husband who is an avid golfer , he thinks they are wonderful . 
I highly recommend these ! 
I have the unfortunate problem of having thighs that rub together when I walk . 
Over the years of testing out underwear to resolve this issue I have only found 1 pair that truly protected me from this problem , Under Armor boxer jocks . 
Finally the pouch that holds the goods , is roomy and easy to access . 
After 3 days of 80 degree hiking over 30 miles , I felt great . 
To top it off , there wasn't any funk . 
This is a big deal . 
I bought two pairs for my 3 week JMT hike in July , so I will follow up with how they hold up after that . 
these fit great . 
I am 5 ' 6 " 180 . problem is i wore them 3 or 4 times and two random spots started to " pill up " one spot on my right " cheek " and the other on my left thigh . 
i wore them to a normal job for about 6 hours . 
Amazon sent me a new pair . 
But , for the money , I prefer the Reebox boxer briefs that come in a 2 pack from Sam's Club for $ 10 . 
I've had these for almost 2 years and they still look brand new . 
Very comfortable with more movement than some boxer briefs . 
I bought a few pairs of these several summers ago and thought they were amazing . 
They're the perfect material that keeps you comfortable for long periods of time . 
I purchased two identically sized compression shorts . 
The other one provides perfect compression ; this one is too big , like regular boxers . 
I like the material though - feels good , is easy to wash , and dries quickly hung up in the bathroom . 
Also , they keep the cedar scent for longer . 
I like how there is a pull string , which makes removing the shoe tree nice and easy . I bought the extra large for a size 11.5 and they are perfect . 
Enjoy ! 
Bought these to fit a new pair of nice leather oxfords . 
Wonderful new cedar smell upon opening the box . 
If you are serious about keeping your shoes nice , trees are a necessity . 
I bought these instead.They will keep the wrinkles from becoming cracks . 
These cedar inserts for shoes are great becasue they wick away moisture from the shoe and help it keep it's shape while drying out . 
Great for golf shoes ! 
I got these trees and thought they were great at first , They function and fit my size 11-13 shoes and boots perfectly , and they're very easy to use.The only problem is the lack of cedar smell . 
I bought this set for a pair of shoes that I bought online and were somewhat tight as I use orthotics . 
I put shoe stretcher spray inside the shoes and put the stretchers in . 
these are great , do exactly what i got them for , and fit my larger shoes . 
I have a few from Men's Wearhouse that were comped , but I needed a few more pair so I purchased these Woodlore's off Amazon.They are well-made and the rope loops are a nice feature to assist in removing the tree from the shoe . 
Still , it's a minor issue . 
design and costA little lighter than a thought but it still works . 
The wallet is leather outside and plastic inside . 
The color is lovely , though . 
With this wallet I was downsizing from the larger wallets I've used for years . 
I am very happy with my choice ! 
I loved a wallet I had bought a few years back but the zipper for closing it broke . 
When I decided to look on Amazon , I chose this one because it met my ' checklist ' for what I needed in a wallet - enough ' slots ' for credit cards , a visible place for my ID , a full size compartment to put bills in , and a place for coins . 
I LOVE THEM . 
That is a first for me , it fits the way I expected and is not too tight or loose any where , I have now purchased them in 5 different colors.The denim has an AWFUL smell that take several washings to get out . 
I did not find that the other colors had that smell.Don ' t know what that smell is but it kind of gags you as you open the packaging , that definitely has to be addressed ! 
The fit is fine . 
They are comfortable and fit very well . 
I always buy Gloria Vandervilt Amanda in several colors . 
These are great jeans if you are sent the correct size . 
VERY NICE , FIT WAS ACCURATE FOR 3X . 
I LOVE THEM BECAUSE I NEED A LOT OF POCKETS . 
He rides a motorcycle and says they are very comfortable for him . 
Very nice necklace 
Use this for many pendants . 
The clasp is substantial and easy to use . 
This is a great little chain . 
Pretty sterling silver chain that will work beautifully with my new pendant ! 
So when I opened the little velvet bag they came in and pulled them out , I was amazed at the brilliance of the stones and the delicacy and quality of the silver settings . 
I will buy another pair as a holiday gift . 
She LOVES them and they look marvelous with many colors . 
These are great quality , beautifully made earrings . 
They are available with several different stones so I bought a pair with red stones for my mother for Christmas and they're just as beautiful . 
My husband got these as a gift for me . 
They are very lovely and of good quality silver . 
I have sensitive ears and so have to wear sterling silver , gold , or surgical steel . 
very nice light to the ears love these earrings , Nicely made and stylish i love them and all of my friends like them alt ! 
They were very reasonably priced , are holding up great , and just a cute earring ! 
Very happy with this product ! 
It goes with any outfit and any occasion . 
Definitely , 3 stars . 
This is such a great slinky chain . 
I love the way it just slides across my tops without snagging the materials . 
Definitely too flimsy to embellish with additional charms . 
Not recommended . 
They make me look a lot taller and kinda hide me beer belly I've grown too . 
So if you're looking for something comfortable to work in in the shop or around the yard or just kicking back these are great . 
Seeing as how the other reviews said they were a bit small and my size not available anyway , I ordered one size up thinking it would be good . 
I used this for a recent costume and it matched perfectly . 
The suspenders are a bright color and easy to put on . 
They are a little boxy and uncomfortable at times . 
Nice enough to wear everyday and strong clasps hold well and cleans well if you spill something on them . 
I needed a quick way to keep my snow pants up this winter these worked well . 
She has a hard time finding women's size 12 boots and shoes that are attractive . 
These were a great fit with a feminine look . 
Got the wide width . 
Still have to use thin socks to have a good fit . 
Same experience - good fit at my usual size , comfortable with little / no need to break them in and they look great . 
I ordered this umbrella online for the gray color , to coordinate with my daughter's prom gown on a rainy evening . 
It is sturdy , compact , and I had not seen this color in the local stores . 
Reasonable price , too . 
The handle is pretty small and uncomfortable to hold . 
Your palm overlaps with the top of the handle which doesn't have a smooth edge . 
The pinwheel look is attractive . 
Too big for my use . 
I was look for a small umbrella to carry in my large purse . 
I had to return it . 
Not a huge concern if you know it might happen . 
The first time it almost got me in the face . 
I've only worn them as work pants 9-10 times but so far they are very durable , not too warm , and the pocket on the lower right thigh is very handy to hold a knife , pen , box cutter , flashlight , or many other things . 
Owned a similar model in black . 
The colour is nice , really how i pictured it . 
Looks and great for work , i'm a messenger boy btw . 
Extra pocket on leg has always been a favourite feature 
I love these socks . 
Bought these and a pair of Carharts for ten bucks more . 
After a few washes , these fit great . 
I paid an extra ten bucks to look like a sausage . 
These pants are great . 
Color is true and doesn't run in the wash . 
They are roomy and fit comfortably . 
Inseam fits true as well . 
They're a nice set of pants for work or play . 
They are a fine quality fabric for warm or chilly days . 
My husband wanted some comfortable black cargo pants and these are a great fit . 
They are not tight in the thighs or seat when squatting down to do work and for true around the waist . 
Thick , well woven material . 
A very magnetic pair of pants . 
The pants are magnetic 
They are comfortable and easy to care for . 
I would highly recommend them for purchase . 
it is a bit snug in the waist compared to other brands with the same size . 
But looks great . 
And the price is always a plus . 
love the extra space available for all the stuff I take when fishing . 
nice material and sewing . 
great pants for packing extras 
I had to pay $ 15.00 to return by UPS . 
I really didnt have my hopes up with this t shirt , but I was so pleasently surprised ! ! ! 
The material is great quality , and the picture too , it is not like those that start creasing as soon as you wash them . 
Even though I purchased this hat a bit large , the size served it's purpose . 
I knew that I had to wash it after sweating , so after the wash it became the perfect fit . 
Very happy with the product . 
The drawstring chin strap works well . 
well made , color is camo fits great keeps sun and rain off of my head ventilation holes are a plus also 
I got this travel bag for my son , on his school trip to Boston , he said some of his friends liked it and asked where did he buy it , Of Course he said AMAZON ... its strong and durable , many inside pockets ... yes people go ahead buy it ... 
However it works great as a bat bag for baseball and its great for storage poles and the like . 
They are comfortable and they don't ride up on her . 
They also have washed well so far . 
Recently dropped it down the bath sink drain , and when i retrieved the cuff it was a bit tarnished as any silver would be so i wiped it gently with toothpaste to remove the tarnish , rinsed and gently dried it , looked new again . 
It did not feel or look right on my ear . 
Personal opinion on my jewelry tastes , this is not for me . 
It looks very nice in the ear . 
These are very comfortable . 
Gorgeous bag that's a great size for my netbook or a book or a quick bag for going to the pool . 
I absolutely love this bag . 
Comfortable excellent fit.Would recommend it to anyone . 
One of my friends bought a pair of Ariat Fatbaby boots , and I thought they were so adorable . 
After some debating I strayed from my Justin's and got a pair of the Fatbaby 2 ' s in the bomber brown . 
The color is fabulous , and the soft pink stitching is gorgeous . 
These boots absorbed the shock when i was sightseeing and were easy to take on and off during the long overseas plane ride . 
I liked the black ones so well I bought the brown pair . 
For my money , the Ropers have the best fit but these are a lot of fun . 
I wanted to try these boot for the comfort and price . 
Super comfortable , looks great with my jeans and best of all great price . 
I love the design of the heart and you can express love with this pendant necklace . 
Feels so solky against my skin , and covers well . 
I love this color and the fit is perfect for my 1X figure . 
Also I have washed and dried it a few times and it wears well . 
She lost the use of her right hand and can't snap or tie a robe . 
I try to get things she can do to keep her as independent as possible . 
FIT TOO SMALL FOR ME , I'M A SIZE 34 WAIST . 
I GOT THE LARGE AND IT WAS 36-39 . 
IF YOU'RE A REG GUY GET THE LARGE AND HOPE IT SHRINKS IN THE WASH . 
THE PANTS ARE EXCELLENT , I KEPT THE LARGE AND WILL WASH TILL IT SHRINKS , THEY SHOULD BE PERFECT THEN , THANKS . 
UPDATE 5/2 / 14 : After receiving additional colors I found that sleeve lengths vary by about 4 inches from shirt to shirt . 
Great long sleeves . 
Love it . 
Very happy with this shirt ! 
The color is very rich and bright . 
I bought this shirt because I liked its Earth tone color and it was in my size . 
I rate this 5 stars because it's very comfortable , affordable and durable . 
These are great to work in , relax in or wear under a polo . 
Works great , super price just what I needed I am very happy with the purchase . 
Husband loved it 
I would order a size up to ensure that it fits properly . 
This is a great basic tee shirt . 
It did not shrink after the first wash . May order another one . 
The difference between this model and the lighterFruit of the Loom Men's 4 pack crew T-Shirtsthat Fruit of the Loom offers is like night and day . 
I am not knocking the lighter weight model , but these are beefier and , well , actually luxurious against my skin.What I love is the tagless design , which adds to the comfort . 
Compared to the lighter ones I mentioned , these are noticeably heavier , but still breathe on hot , humid days . 
I wear this model both as an outer shirt , and as an under shirt , and it works well in both scenarios.Stitching , and seams are strong and straight , so the workmanship is solid . 
Also , after ten or so wash cycles the inside printed label fades to the point that you have to look at the seams to determine if they are right side out or not . 
Other than those minor issues these are a real value and exceptionally well made . 
This shirt is so soft I love it ... Great color and affordable price . 
I have two of these . 
This is a comfortable t-shirt that I use as an undershirt . 
I've had this for over a year , and it still fits well . 
This does have the occasional thread hanging off of it , but it holds up well in general . 
Love these over-sized T's . 
Nice color and like Fruit of the Loom tee shirts . 
I purchased a few of these in several colors to keep my warm at work . 
I am usually cold , but not anymore . 
I was really happy with these . 
STD t shirt form and really cheap at $ 4 shipped . 
its a nice sturdy tee shirt i like how it fits around the wrist the color is nice just the color i needed 
Great buy . 
Washes well , wears well . 
Nice and cozy like it should be . 
Great accessory for a chilly house . 
It looks and feels good on and so very comfortable 
I buy 14 each year and change them ; that means I need to wash them almost 26 times each year . 
Our Grandson called to thank us for the gift . 
These are price friendly high-quality T-shirts that come in great colors . 
At the same time they keep you warm in the winter being fairly heavy . 
Do not hesitate , go ahead and buy them , you will not regret it . 
We do wash them in cold water . 
Good for working out in the gym . 
A little stiff , and I wish they were softer , but I can use them , so 3 stars . 
Great fit and color . 
I generally go to DXL and wear Harbor Bay shirts and wear 5XLT and can now wear 4XLT comfortably . 
I have bought several of this brand of t shirt because they fit well and hold up very well in the wash . 
This color is very nice . 
these shirts advertised as being preshrunk . 
i bought several shirts and all of them , after 1 washing , shrank . 
Also I " m a 34E . 
I read that the band runs large so to order a band smaller and cup larger . 
I figured that if the band runs large then I'd just go down a cup size and keep it a 34 . 
Well I'm not very full and the top of the bra was super wrinkly . 
The fit is smooth and light weight under all sorts of tops . 
It is VERY thin and I love it ! 
Bought 2 of these , a pair for my girlfriend and a pair for myself . 
Best part is , since they're so cheap , you don't have to be so worried about breaking them.This is my first time purchasing this particular company or brand of aviators . 
In those cases they will be excellent . 
I love these aviators ! 
They are very comfortable , very inexpensive , and they look so good on . 
These are the same ones the sell at gas stations for $ 10 - $ 15 bucks , worth the $ 3.50 Dark lenses . 
Kinda small , but fit my large face well enough 
These sticky-bottom socks are soft and fluffy and very comfortable . 
My mother is in a wheelchair and her feet & legs swell - these don't put any pressure on her legs . 
When we go out she wears them as she's in wheel chair when outside of the house . 
She likes them as they fit nicely and have the traction on the bottom 
They are great quality , they have worn and wash well , I have no complaints at all ! 
I love these pants I have bought these in 5 different colors . 
Not enough room for my inside the waist holster . 
I bought this for my husband to use for a Hawaiian theme party and both of us loved it . 
It has nice vibrant colors and the fit and quality is good . 
The lace makes it quite feminine . 
Otherwise , this is very adorable , just right for getting that pin up girl or Betty Draper look ! 
Bought these for a man with a dropped foot and frozen ankle . 
Must say he can keep these slippers on his feet without twisting or being cumbersome . 
I wear it every night to keep my feet warm and allow me to go outside and feed my feral cats . 
I have to stay outside with them while their eating to guard away the raccoons . 
Loved them but did an exchange because the orthotic inserts were not as comfortable as boots with the heel and arches built in for my wide foot ! 
The heat from your feet and the easy walking about will already start the break in process . 
Within a few weeks you will be walking as far as you want to . 
Despite appearances , these boots do not feel clunky on my feet at all , and it is very easy to drive with them on . 5/2 / 14 UPDATE ( after 50miles ): The boots get more and more comfortable each day . 
3 to 5 mile hikes are no problem , and the heel rubbing is not noticeable . 
I am really liking my boots , and they just keep getting more comfortable . 
The weight is not a problem at all , in fact I don't even notice it , except in a positive way ; it lends a solid feel to the boot and inspires a steady , relaxed stride when I walk . 
Perhaps on 20 mile days with lots of steep climbing , the weight might be a problem , but so far I like the boots just the way they are . 5/16 / 14 UPDATE ( after about 125 miles ) Started using Dr . Sholes " Odor-X " insoles and they are working great for me . 
I was using Danner Fatigue Figher insoles , but they were too thick and generated lots of heat and cramped my toes . 
The Odor-X insoles still provide a bit of cushioning , but keep my feet cool , don't cause any friction , and leave plenty of room for my toes . 
I love this bra ! 
I love this bra ! 
My everyday bras are 44D and they fit perfectly . 
This bra was too small around . 
The cup size was fine , but this bra was definitely not the most comfortable . 
This was my first push-up bra . 
So it worked fine for what I needed.Also , at first the straps kept coming out of the clasps holding them on . 
In a pinch I would purchase this again , but if given more time , I would look for a more comfortable bra . 
It is gorgeous also . 
Very smooth front & has the change to crisscross for my summer dresses . 
I love them . 
They are so comfortable you can walk for many miles . 
These are a lovely , soft gray Nubuck . 
These are very attractive walking shoes . 
Also , the great thing about thigh highs is that even if one stocking does get a run , you only need to replace one of the stockings , not a whole pair . I like " little color " on my fair skin . 
It looks very natural . 
However , the top at the thigh squeezes way too tightly so my fat was rolling over the edge creating a muffin top for my thighs ! 
Otherwise you will lose blood flow . 
Had to return these 
Great fit and love the look . 
I am 5 ' 5 and these fit perfectly . 
Got it in travel buff , jet and barely black and all 3 are great . 
The top is effective in keeping the hose where you want . 
The newer styles have a very wide lace top which can slip . 
Tried out thigh high - - and now prefer them to panty hose - - comfortable , and they stay up . 
You should consider getting a larger size as these were not comfortable for my girlfriend around her calf . 
Pretty cute otherwise . 
Just what I expected our of these shoes and they fit my daughter great . 
These fit fine ; are well made and comfortable . 
This is a very comfortable shoe . 
It is well made and looks great with dressy pants for work . 
they came on time and well packaged , They look nice and felt very good when I first put them on . 
Made a little small . 
These are a nice looking and comfortable pair of shoes . 
I've always loved anything made by Hush Puppies . 
must have underrated the fitting in my choice of size , it was a bit to large and thus slips of mu heels . 
The heels are looser than the white leather ones I bought first . 
It is a pretty shoe with a nice utility heel height . 
Life is too short to die in pain with your feet everywhere you go . I love the style & fit of this shoe . 
Would buy all if available . 
VERY comfortable shoe . 
Have the Camelot , Russet & my fav the Coffee Bean . 
The little brass buttons on them are a perfect design touch . 
All the men in my house love these shoes . 
They fit comfortably and are nice enough to wear to church . 
Though they ARE leather uppers , the finish on the leather is a plastic-like film that starts to peel over time . 
these shoes are comfortable , soft , stylish and easy slip on . 
priced right , shipped fast . 
they are good with or without socks . 
They are comfortable and fit well . 
They look nice . 
And wash good . 
They'll beat the enamel off the inside the dryer . 
My boyfriend absolutely loves these overalls . 
He uses them to work in the garden and finds them very comfortable . 
It's made for a working man , from painting your shed to getting on the ground and changing your oil ... they fit as expected ... the Demi is thick and fits good . 
But they are great for working in the garden . 
I just hemmed them They will work OK 
They are great for working around the house 
This side zip pocket has a small , zipper pull that is essentially attached via a loop . 
The pockets themselves are deep - another plus . 
The pants are nice looking and they must be comfortable , since he has been wearing them often ! 
The sage color is kinda like a grey-green khaki ; it will go with many other colors . 
The fit is slightly loose in the butt , but otherwise they look nice on and can be worn for most casual events . 
The " flax " color as displayed is actually the lighter color ( fossil ) , NOT the flax . 
The flax is a medium brown , closer to the sage in tone . 
Will return them . 
This is a great price for good pants . 
We were glad to be able to stock up for summer travel . 
Alpine Tundra is more or less a light olive color . 
Length is true . 
I suggest remove the pull and hide the zipper . 
These are the only pair of white shoes that I have.They fit perfectly and are verycomfortable . 
A little smaller than my closed toes Bandolinos but the platform is really comfortable on the balls of my feet . 
Great if you are walking on snow and ice but when you hit pavement they are a bit odd to walk on . 
These give me secure footing and prevent slipping and falling . 
while walking two Shibas on ice in coldest winter in history ! Ha ... but so true . 
I have three pairs for different winter boots and I can jog on ice in these guys . 
These are great ! 
Easy on , easy off ... you can walk with confidence in the snow / ice and they have had a workout this winter ! 
I bought these for my mother who is a little unsteady on her feet in the colder elements . 
Our first concern was that she would trip on them since she can shuffle her feet a bit , but these were not a problem . 
She was concerned about slipping on them but also not a concern since when she steps down , they " smush " into the shoe . 
She was very surprised how comfortable on her shoes they were , how she barely noticed them when walking and how easy it was to use them in / out of the car and working the pedals . 
This is my second pair of Yaks . 
I lost the first pair . 
I love the glow ! 
Living in a ski resort town , we have snow and ice for 5 months of the year . 
They did a great job for walking down our hilly street in slushy , icy snow . 
They were great at first , helped me not slip on most ice ( still slick on certain surfaces ) , and I could run in them . 
Fits perfectly , soft and very comfortable . 
Very nice shade of red . 
Love the fit , they are very comfortable . 
They are very soft , typical LifeStride . 
Life Stride's Mimosa Fisherman Sandals are very cute and comfortable . 
Just what I needed . 
The heel is a perfect height for long walks and the top is nice and soft . 
Should be great with skirts this summer . 
They fit great and are very comfortable . 
Quite soft and comfortable to walk . 
Still fits and is comfortable , good price and I can even decorate with beads if I want . 
Also I was also able to use these for the snow and ice removal when I walked behind my new Power Smart 208 CC two stage snow blower that I purchased from Amazon . 
I also ordered the extra replacement tungsten carbide studs . 
After this winter's polar vortex , sheets & sheets of ice formed everywhere making it near impossible to even walk out of the house . 
These are amazing & I will never go another winter without a pair ! 
Love love love them ! ! 
Easy to put on & even easier to take off . 
Stay in place nicely . 
Very easy to walk in them . 
Accordingly , while the value is pretty good , don't expect the finest grade of cotton , or an extraordinary fit . 
If you're like me , and appreciate a sharp crease , know that these are difficult to iron crisply . 
Keep that treatment , manufacturer , and let us iron our own ! 
These are a good second level pair of trousers , and I recommend them as such . 
Pleated fronts are out for the young , I've heard , but I like ' em just fine . 
It's nice to have a color other than khaki 
I work in a casual office and these shoes are so soft and light weight , and very comfortable ! ! 
I actually have two pair , one black and one brown ! 
Very comfortable , great fit . 
At first the sizing seemed right on - shrunk like 3 sizes after one washing . 
Huge dissappointment . 
So now they look very wide and not as long . 
She wears 5T and the size S works for her right now . 
The Columbia brand specifically seems to be a GREAT brand on this shirt . 
LOVE THIS TOP ! 
Love the color & feel to the shirt ! 
I will be buying more of these . 
I buy Columbia shirts for my construction man , they are comfortable , breathable , and fit true to size and I do not have to iron them . 
He also is an avid fisherman and hunter . 
If he is not at work he is in the woods or out on the pond or lake . 
I highly recommend this brand and style ! 
Fit is true to size.And the color is beautiful and a cool fabric.Fast shipping . 
Is an excelent product so some large to me . 
Great shirt ! 
Well crafted , comfortable , with enough pockets to safeguard items . 
Colors are awesome ; they go well with a number of color coded jeans and casual pants . 
This is the best shirt EVER ! 
They dry almost instantly and they don't change colors when they get wet with sweat . 
I wish they had more " normal " colors . 
I take photo trips for 2 or 3 weeks at a time and dealing with clothing on top of my gear is a PITA . 
The Columbia Bahama helps me keep it simple : super lightweight and folds tiny , can be washed in hotel room sinks and dries fast . 
Plus it's comfortable , cool , not prone to wrinkles and rocks the safari look . 
I love the sage color but be forewarned it's similar to park ranger and zoo keeper attire . 
However , I bought extra small and it fits okay but is still oversized , sort of a 1980s tent shirt fit . 
As for coolness , it's okay but not much better than a normal light cotton shirt.Finally , as a photographer I find the large pockets useful for holding filters , memory cards , lens caps , etc . 
The velcro makes for quick one-handed access and the pockets expand enough to hold a small lens . 
All in all a great shirt for photographers , travelers and outdoorsmen . 
I highly recommend this shirt . 
I was thrilled to find his size online , so I bought 3 pairs . 
Comfortable , heavier material than most sweat tops , well made . 
Length is good and fits well through the shoulders . 
i was pleased that he likes this sweatshirt so much and wears it a lot . 
My granddaughter loves this sweat shirt . 
Great fit . 
Great color . 
This was a difficult color to hind , glad I found it in Amazon ! 
These sweatshirts are the best ever ! 
They drape well and are perfect for layering . 
I love sweats ! ! 
And in a way , it worked in my favor because I ended up loving them . 
Like the color . 
shirt is very well made , pretty , fits great can not beat the price . 
The product came on time as always from Amazon . 
The color is a very bright royal blue , however the size XL is a little tight on me , I am 5 ' 10 " and 220 lbs . 
Bought for the husband as he needed a replacement upgrade and this was just the ticket . 
Washed up beautifully , and is just as soft and fluffy as straight out of the package . 
good thing I bought three in different colors . 
they are well made and the fabric is nice and soft . 
This was a gift for my 13 year old granddaughter ... a men's medium fit her perfectly ... enough room for a shirt under it ... seem the kids are all wearing these now ... it is a nice quality too ... 
I love these hoodies they fit nice and are not thick and bulky . 
I am a woman tall and long waisted and these work great ! 
i have never heard of Jerzees before i am use to Champion , Gildan and fruit of the loom howeverI really like this hoody , it's a very dark navy almost blackmy only concern is will it shrink after washing and dryingvery light weight has a kangaroo pouch perfect for stashing your own snacksif you don't want to pay for the consensus stand at the movie theaterswould be great in like late September or a chilly room that has the air conditioner on . 
Great color too . 
The color is just as pictured and this is honestly one of the most comfortable hoodies I have ever worn . 
I for this and a plain shirt under it in 30 degree weather and I stayed pretty warm . 
It was just what I needed . 
Great quality and great price . 
They look to be a good value , and you can't beat the price . 
The product came on time as always from Amazon . 
The color is a bright purple , although the picture shows it to be more of a bluish purple . 
Absolutely love this ! 
It's great :) 
and it was very nice ! 
I will continue buying this brand and recommending it to friends . 
Typically , an XL fits my husband , but he needed a XXL in these . 
The sleeve length is great , the quality of the fabric is very good and when I had an issue with a defective shirt ( spots on the back ) , the company was superb to work with . 
Highly recommend ! 
This shirt fitted well and the quality is also good . 
Make legs look fabulous almost too perfect but love it . 
Nice and strong material and wont run easy . 
I'm fair and the light toast works well only because I use Lorac Tantalizer on arms , chest and neck otherwise would be darker than my fair skin but will be perfect for summer . 
If you are looking for something more sheer go with Oroblu Repos 70 which I also have and love but more like a strong pantyhose . 
I have spent a great deal of money on tights recently , and these are by far the best . 
They look good . 
There is some compression so it's a nice supportive feel and slenderizing . 
The nude really is a nude color . 
Pink is nice with pink shoes . 
I will be buying more now that I know they work . 
LIght weight enough for warm weather . 
Be aware , the color is very vibrant . 
Perfect fit and extremely comfortable . 
The color is what caught my eye and I bought Brown as well . 
I always get these for my mother-in-law . 
They are her favorite shoes , and these fit her well , as always . 
I love these boots ! 
I recommend them for anyone of any age , particularly if they love the look of Uggs . 
They fit perfectly and are so warm . 
I would highly recommend them . 
I have purchased these in every color . 
Soooo warm . 
I love them . 
So happy I choose to buy these ! 
My feet have never , ever been so warm . 
very warm wife liked it 
I will purchase these again as needed . 
The color was a nice shade too . 
They are still great tights and the quality is awesome . 
Capezio remains the best dance brand to date , in my opinion ! 
These tights are very well made , great quality , and are able to survive many dance practices , rehearsals , competitions , & recitals ! 
Amazon's price is also cheaper than any dance store in my area , and cheaper than many top online dance stores as well ! 
I prefer flats or sneakers . 
I had to reorder to a larger size as this shoe also runs small . 
I would not say these are the most comfortable shoes , but were good for my dance class.Also , I think they are durable , but I have had them only a few months . 
Oh , well . 
Decent quality , though . 
They're not traditional loops that go over a button . 
It fits well . 
My husband was pleased , he loved the dark stone color.We had to send back for a larger size and shorter length.My husband has not yet come to terms with a larger waistline ( smile ) . I frankly feel like he will be in them often and I will have to fight with him to wash them . 
I haven't tried them on yet , but the texture and color is very beautiful . 
I can't wait , even though the color is very vibrant . 
I'm not even sure izing up will help much . 
please be aware this item doesn't have the support most tights do , and even so , too tight . 
I got these size 2 herb colored tights . 
They fit very well and are so very comfortable ! 
I love the way that they feel too . 
They feel cool and warm at the same time . 
Strange , but true . 
The color was a brighter blue than in the photo , but I like them a lot . 
This is the best tights I have found ! 
I enjoyed it so much I bought all of the colors ! 
I love the color selectiion the best ! 
I love the fit and color of these tights . 
My legs are always cold and these tights keep me warm . 
got these and love them . 
however , there was a bit of a hole by the top seam that i darned ( oh my ) but other than that one pair , they've been holding up really well with a million washings 
I just opened this package of socks . 
Three pair , sz 9-11 , color demin . 
I like the color , the fit and the feel of them . 
I do find them to be a little thicker than the usual cotton socks of this type that I find in the stores . 
So it upsets me a bit that these socks were falsely advertised . 
I can also contact customer service to facilitate the purchase to make sure that they are cotton . 
The threads are not tight , with some spaces not woven well . 
I work in health care and these are the best , most comfortable , longest lasting socks I have ever worn . 
Decided to treat myself to new ones . 
Very happy to find them on Amazon at a reasonable price . 
Even happier to see that they are still made as well and are just as comfortable as my old pairs . 
Great socks for traveling . 
They wash up and dry easily overnight . 
My husband and son who is very picky love these socks . 
Bought these for my husband , who has diabetic neuropathy and needs very comfortable and supportive socks . 
These socks are nice and thick , just how I like them ! 
They were thicker than I thought they would be but very comfortable . 
I ordered these after reading some reviews & was surprised that there is a charcoal pair and 2 black pair . 
I wanted to make sure others were aware of the colors in this package of 3 pair of weekend socks . 
I am keeping them because I love gold toe socks ! 
These are a great cold weather sock for women . 
They're thick and warm but not so bulky as to be uncomfortable . 
They work perfectly in rain boots and hiking or cold weather boots . 
These are the best lighter weight socks I've owned in a long long time . 
I won't need to purchase anymore cheap socks that fall apart after a few wearings & washings . 
I like the fact these keep my ankles warm when I wear them with the cuffs turned . 
I have yet to see a hole in one of these socks and he's worn this style for years . 
This is by far my favorite style of Gold toe socks . 
Very uncomfortable , which was a huge surprise from Gold Toe . 
I liked Gold Toe socks the first time I wore them and always try to buy them when I need socks . 
Comfortable , breathable sock without poly 
These are great quality for the money . 
The elastic seems to last so I'm not constantly pulling up sox that are creeping down my ankle into my shoe . 
I will be ordering more . 
Definitely recommend . 
I have always like Gold Toe socks . 
The heels wears out due to the constant rubbing . 
They are thicker than I anticipated and seem to be very soft and good quality which is why I love the Gold Toe brand ! 
They are durable , wash nicely and fit well . 
So happy to find that Amazon now sells them for about the same price as the local stores and they have multiple quantities . 
These are nice sock and are gold toes . 
They are soft , exactly what I wanted and they wash up nicely 
Gold Toe what is not to love about Gold toe socks , have bought many will return to buy more in the future always a nice treat to get new Gold Toe sock , wear well , wash well , last years 
But they've been great , with no poke-throughs or threadbare spots to speak of.My complaint is that the elastic on some is beginning to break down , leading the sock to collapse inside of the boot , which is about as uncomfortable and annoying as a sock collapsing while wearing a normal shoe , and then some . 
Maybe not the best sock for really cold nights outside , but for my use , I'll vouch for them down to the 30 ' s . I'd definitely buy these again . 
The wool socks I use during the fall and winter as too heavy , thus warm , for the spring and summer . 
The wool regulates temperature within my boots and wicks away moisture . 
Great sock . 
My husband wears the Windsor calf length sock year round for the office . 
I hope Gold Toe continues to make Windsor over the calf and ankle wool blend socks . 
I do not like these socks , The material makes your feet sweat , and your feet slide around in your shoes . 
The toe seem is very uncomfortable . 
They did into your legs and leave marks and a swollen lump in your leg above the sock . 
THESE GOLD TOE EXTENDED SIZE SOCKS ARE FANTASTIC ! 
My foot doesn't roll as easily inside the sock as in the questionable quality , cushioned Fluffies received most recently . 
Tissue then sock advertised as " fluffies " . 
I have purchased " fluffies " before and they were twice the thickness of what I received . 
the larger size , with shrinkage , still stays over the calf in that comfortable spot . 
But the wrong socks can make you uncomfortable , or annoyed . 
You're constantly pulling them up , or tweaking them , or you're just aware of your uncomfortable feet . 
In black , they're fine with work and casual trousers . 
I hate how they creep around between calf and ankle . 
The first 6 pairs lasted for at least 3 years of constant use . 
I purchased these for my husband and they have held up well for him . 
They wash and dry without thinning and we'll order them again . 
Not much you can say about a sock , but these are great . 
They are not paper thin like many of the athletic socks you find now . 
I will be purchasing more of these . 
A brand you know and can trust . 
Price was also great . 
It's hard to find sweat-absorbent , athletic socks that have no toe seam . 
These are slightly heavier in a nice way . 
These are great . 
A nice little secret . 
I love the comfort and the way the sock stays up . 
I love Gold Toe Men's Cotton Crew Athletic Socks , white . 
I try other brands but always come back to Gold Toe . 
A very luxurious feel , soft and thick , and they give the impression that they will last for a while . 
These socks are comfortable and strong . 
I am very happy and so are my feet . 
I was glad to see they had them and at a reasonable price . 
I was looking to replace my now old collection of white athletic socks , some were Gold Toe and my favorites . 
Comfortable . 
I prefer Gold Toe socks because they are comfortable and durable . 
He reports that he loves their thick soles , which cushion his steps . 
It has a woven in heel that fits very well . 
They feel comfortable as an athletic sock but also look like a dress sock . 
They fit very well and feel great and do everything socks should do . 
They are comfortable and wear and launder well . 
Great fitting with a nice thick fabric . 
They fit perfectly and I'm so glad . 
Great price for 6 high-quality white socks . 
Comfortable fit with just enough elastic to keep the socks from falling down without cutting at all into the leg . 
Bright white color which did not get reduced by machine washing . 
my dad got me buying these socks they are great , they don't rolled down you leg like other socks I have got . 
I ended up cutting them off above the ankle so they would be reasonable comfortable . 
To make my wife happy , these socks did the job . 
They are thick like my white socks and in a color my wife likes ... And as they say , if she's happy , well you know the rest . 
Extremely comfy and reliable socks , as I've come to expect from the gold toe line . 
When I was a kid , I loved new white socks for my new sneakers . 
All they needed to be were new when I was that age . 
And the material is not very comfortable . 
These are very nice just-the-right-thickness socks ! 
If you prefer a crews sock , these are worth every penny . 
I've always wore the Gold toe men's athletic socks in both black and white colors . 
They are comfortable and they last a long time . 
They offer a tremendous amount of cushioning . 
Highly recommend . 
I'll wash them in cold water to retard any shrinkage . 
well this is the umpteen pair of socks I have tried and they holding up well since purchase , which has been about 6-8 months , which is pretty good for socks nowadays . 
I will keep you posted as time goes on , for now 3 stars for wear . 
When they need replaced , which was the case with this recent purchase , it's always more of the same . 
These are very comfortable . 
Yet to determine how well they will last . 
My husband and sons love these socks . 
And they are somewhat sock experts so I believe them . 
They are comfortable , high quality and great price . 
Dont know why anyone complained , these socks ROCK compared to the hanes bull crap out there ! 
I take size 14 shoe and this fits me well . 
I love these socks ! 
They fit great and are actual ankle socks unlike some who say ankle socks and come up high . 
They are a little thin compared to many athletic socks but no complaints from me . 
I have always bought cheaper socks for my husband thinking there wasn't any difference . 
Comfortable and light . 
The eraser works pretty well , but the brush is not stiff enough in my opinion . 
I love these great Fi and very comfortable and a nice gift to give to someone . 
Nice to just put them on and go great buy and good price . 
I was worried when I ordered that it would be too small or large , however , I'm always a 7.5 and I ordered that , and that's exactly what I received . 
It's flexible , with a soft sole , and the strap on top and fits perfectly . 
It's a little wide but the ties can be tightened . 
Quality seems fine . 
Nothing loose or tearing . 
I bought these to wear with jeans on the weekends , but they are too uncomfortable to wear . 
Great shoe but it is a bit too big for me , I ordered a size bigger just in case , but I was able to adjust the size with the strings so overall it was fine . 
My niece needed some ballet shoes for a school play . 
This is a very nice ballet shoe . 
It fits a bit small . 
My daughter's feet run on the wide side , but not hugely wide . 
I bought the 9.5 W and they fit great on her feet . 
I take this as a good sign for the shoes . 
Serviced Little # 1 for ballet . 
Now in the dress-up bin for Little # 2 & friends . 
She outgrew a 9.5 in her ballet shoes from another manufacturer reinforcing my assumption that these are true to size . 
are finding them true to size . 
I bought an 11 just in case so I may return or keep in the hopes that she continues dancing . 
Great price and quick shipping.You do have to pull the strings to make them fit the foot properly . 
I got these in a 10 , which is her current shoe size . 
They are fine , but a little on the big side . 
The quality is great and she likes them , and wears them for ballet class . 
She wanted black this time , and the color is nice , she is happy . 
Great value . 
Both of my children have a couple pair . 
I did and it fits perfectly . 
I always love Capezio's product , either in clothing or shoes . 
Great job Capezio ! 
I had to return these , because they are so incredibly small . 
i bought these shoes in a M , fits a little wide in the mid-section , make sure you have your size right , especially ordering on line . 
My granddaughter really loved these shoes . 
She loved wearing them because they were comfortable . 
Highly recommend it ! 
I've NEVER had a problem with shoes being too wide for this child . 
I used Prime , and easily returned the shoes . 
Overall I'm very happy , Amazon Prime made the return hassle free . 
One shoe was tight , the other was so small I couldn't even get it on her foot . 
These are slightly too big . 
It's a nice ballet shoe , typical Capezio quality . 
My daughter wears a 11.5 W street shoe and the 12M ballet shoe is too big and wide . 
I may try ordering half size down because my current pair may stretch too much . 
The straps are already attached so I just slipped them on and hit the floor . 
Solid shoe , no surprises , does what it is expected to do . 
I'm glad there's a slipper that is reliable so that whenever I break or lose a pair I can order on Amazon without worries and get a new pair by the next dance event . 
I use these for partner dances , so not sure how they work for other dancers 
Great Tee Shirt and I love the words . 
It fits and feels great ! 
I highly recommend it to all my Marine Brothers and Sister . 
Comfortable neck line and sleeve length . 
I have gotten to where I will not wear the blends as they are just not as comfortable . 
They may wear longer , but I prefer the softness and sweat absorption qualities over the durability of the blends . 
He says he gets slightly warm at times , but they're breathable and he doesn't overheat . 
The fit is accurate , and comfortable . 
Attractive quality at a decent price . 
I will be buying him more in the future . 
Great fitting , outside layer for those cold winter day's . 
Just remember to order two because it's cold outside . 
Purchase a pair and see for yourself that these are worth it . 
Great fitting and good looking shirts . 
Great product for the money 
I like the color and desing 
Great shirt ! 
Well crafted , comfortable , and sharp looking . 
I just purchased 3 of them and they are great . 
I love the pockets and a place to stash little things . 
I love the shirt , mainly because it is cotton and vented . 
this hat fits well and is very comfortable , the color was important because it matches my coat , it is also very warm which was one of the things that I wanted 
This all-wool cap is soft , comfortable , and warm . 
Well made and fits perfectly . 
The hat shop wanted $ 50 plus tax , so the price I paid was very reasonable . 
I have muscular calves which measure between 15 1/2 to 16 inches around . 
Buy a size up and adjust them to where they are comfortable ! 
The price was higher then I generally pay for shoes but it was well worth it . 
They fit true to size and look incredible , these photos do not do the product justice . 
Pleaser is a brand that never fails to impress me , and I will definitely continue to purchase footwear from them . 
This is a good basic bra for working out . 
Does get a little hot but is comfortable and supportive as needed . 
Love the cap , love the color , the fit is perfect , this is my first purchase of this style , but there will be many more . 
Husband wanted this cap to drive his convertible without getting his head sunburnt but still look good . 
Nice fabric and attractive color . 
Light color with good ventilation built into the fabric makes this great for warm weather wear . 
Good quality as always for Kangol hats 
I also bought a 507 model and have a review of it on here too . 
Recommended the most for balding men or bald men , especially head shavers like myself . 
It feels like a nice , stylish , yet subtle way to keep our heads from sunburn . 
The clasps are better than most so I'm perfectly content with my purchase . 
I love these . 
They are somewhat thin and stitching came apart at the crotch very easily . 
After having great luck with the ExOfficio briefs , I had high hopes for these t-shirts . 
To my disappointment , they fail this purpose as well ( at least in the white color ) as they are so thin you can see your " nipples " and chest hair through the sheer material of the shirt . 
Back to the drawing board . 
I've loved their boxer briefs and recently purchased two shirts for a two week trip . 
I use them as undershirts , and they fit to size . 
First , I love ExOfficio underwear . 
It's the best thing out there . 
Which shouldn't come as a surprise , because that's what the underwear look like too . 
It's still a solid shirt.The XXL is a little more snug than the XXL Columbia or Mountain Hardware make . 
I must say that I wish I had gotten skinner suspenders but for the price who can complain ? 
They made a great addition to my outfit for dapper day and I had tons of fun with them . 
i love them as they are not only well made and very sturdy but they look so good also when wearing them 
I have a number of suspenders and I much prefer these belt clip on to the metal clip on to the pants . 
C'mon Perry , we do have other colored shirts requiring different colors . 
Metal tension buckle it nice and tough . 
So its a solid belt but would be so much better if it was not as wide . 
These were just what I wanted ... They fit me perfect and were comfortable ... THey lasted a long time as well as I needed to use them for a lot of different military type exercises 
They are roomy , and I love the ties at the pant leg . 
I used this while at work in my nursing home . 
And it's cute , but feels weird if you sweat or have your arms wet from hand washing . 
I am a nursing student and this watch is just what I needed . 
It has a pretty large face with easy to see numbers . 
I have to take it off when I'm not in clinicals because it ticks so loudly it drives me crazy in a quiet room.If it goes out I will definitely be purchasing another one ! 
Very pleased with the purchase . 
Great fit , very comfy and cool colors . 
They have held up to the first several washes . 
Secondly , Hanes are tagless . 
Lastly , all waistebands are white . 
They do not match the color of the briefs . 
I am happy with this choice , beautiful and very comfortable , the raw material was very excellent , thanks to the brand and thank you Amazon 
Love them , wish they were a little cheaper but - still good . 
look great on my husband and he loves them xoxoxo 
These are constructed better than the Jockey's that I bought for years . 
They fit great and come in grey . 
Second purchase . 
Nice thin shirts great for cool weather . 
I've been purchasing these T Shirts for many years and the've always been consistent in their quality . 
My husband wears these under his work shirts and around the house as pajamas . 
They're soft , comfortable and tag free . 
Very pleased . 
I think it's a good idea to spend more money on things that you use all the time . 
This feels SO nice and my husband gas been using as nightshirts with sweats and I love how soft they are . 
Size was excellent , the quality was high , very comfortable in confusion.Calvin Klein brand is well known and I would like to always wear this brand 
They are very comfortable and I kept both . 
Real nice undershirts . 
Also , I started tucking my undershirts into my underwear to keep them tucked in . 
They wash up wear and the colors go with any pair of shorts . 
The fabric is a little thin , but I live in a warm climate and only wear them as undershirts . 
Especially if you wash in warm water and dry in a warm dryer . 
When I first bought these they were made from Egyptian Cotton - - PURE HEAVEN - - now , no more , but still VERY comfortable , My skin gets very itchy and some of my Other Brand undershirts have been pure agony - - but these Calvin Klein undershirts do NOT itch at all 
We washed them following the instructions and they did shrink a tiny bit , but that is expected with cotton . 
My new pack feels to be of the same quality as they keep their shape very well . 
Usually though , these are the best undershirts I've owned . 
I used to be a large in everything , but now I am finding that large is way too big . 
We're sorry , but now I evaluate the product . 
Very good product , the long-awaited . 
Good quality , very suitable for my husband ! 
It fits him well . 
While the jacket does not have a rich , expensive look , it does its job of keeping him warm in his very cold air conditioned office . 
What a great jacket comfortable soft and warm and it fits great also I like the pocket design with the zipper the pulls down to close just wish it had a inside pocket 
She loves this jacket and actually bought 3 more to give as gifts to the Sales people she works with . 
GREAT looking and warm fleece . 
I will be buying more for friends . 
I love fleece in cool weather and I love this jacket . 
It fits great and looks pretty good . 
It is warm and comfortable . 
This bra provides both of those things . 
Love it ! 
I also like the silicone strip at the top which helps keep the bra in place . 
I have never worn these ear muffs because they are too difficult to open . 
They keep getting twisted . 
It's too bad because they look like they would keep my ears warm . 
I have always had a problem finding hats that actually keep the cold wind off of my ears which is where I seem to get the coldest .. These ear muffs adjust easily for a perfect , comfortable fit . 
They are quite warm and seem pretty durable . 
It is very hard to find ear muffs like this these days , so I was very pleased to find a good quality product at such a reasonable price .. 
They are great . 
This visor is small , short and white under the bill . 
It does not protect my face from sun and the white reflects the glare into my eyes . 
I finally had to get a new one , however , while the old ones were all one solid material , these are two materials laminated together and it doesn't seem to me that they will hold up as well . 
The color is fine . 
I had looked and looked for this color and finally found it , these are nice can be worn a couple ways over to the side or sliding it some to the back , I love it and it matches - true red well . 
Pleased with the Color close to red gloves I purchased at the same time , butDifferent merchants . 
It's very warm and stylish . 
It is well made and has a nice style and design . 
Nice necklace 
Nice chain . 
I should have measured my neck before I bought it tho . 
The 14 " was way too small for me and I don't have a big neck or small neck . 
Just need to reorder a new one at a larger size . 
It looks nice and does not tangle for this thin size . 
With a natural H size cup , comfort and support do NOT always go hand in hand . 
Girlfriend , try this bra.It looks great under clothes , very smooth . 
Jiggle is down to minimum , as is backache . 
With this bra , even shoulder pain is down to a minimum . 
In my opinion , if you have a full cup size , and try a bargain bra , it just ain't gonna work , sister ! 
Doesn't look cheap . 
This watch is just too small for me to wear , and I don't have big wrists.Otherwise its fine for the price . 
Nice design , good fit , and holds up well . 
I'm a large muscular broad-shouldered 6 ' 2 guy and this shirt fit great.It is very comfortable and easy to care for . I will buy more in varying colors . 
My first UA polo and not my last , I really like the comfort and style . 
This wonderful piece of lingerie is comfortable enough to wear all day long , and yet look super sexy when revealed . 
Combine this with the Swiss Miss Open Tip Bra , and you have the kind of outfit that will drive him crazy . 
I love playing Jezebel in this panty , and highly recommend it to you . 
i love them 
I already had a pair of these that I have owned for over ten years and are still in great shape , and decided to get a couple more to go with some Mary Jane shoes I bought . 
They fit nicely , the ruffle is super pretty and holds up after many washings . 
I love them ! 
Bought for the light factor for packing in suitcase for Air Travel . 
Also has a masculine look which will persuade my husband to use it . 
This bag is fine . 
It has a nice front zipper pocket , we keep child goggles , YMCA lock and a wallet and keys in there . 
I was planning on using to carry dishes from table to sink to wash . ( I use a wheelchair ) . 
As soon as it got a little damp , that lovely red dye ran all over whatever it touched . 
If you just keep it dry , it's an ok bag . 
My granddaughter needed a good gym back as we were not able to find one locally . 
She saw this on line so I got it for her . 
I do recommend this product , great price too . 
These are ideal . 
I love this ring so much I purchased again in a smaller size . 
No big deal , I used a micro fabric towel with pliers to bring it together . 
It's comfortable ( I had no issue with the bands round smooth thickness ) and get lots of comments . 
The way the amber comes out on the each end they light hits it and adds a glow . 
Great price , beautiful ring . 
it looks so nice on the model , but when i openedthe package i was so disappointed . 
it just is madeof a cheap cotton material that looks like somethingyou'd buy from a 5 & dime store . 
I got this to use on my vacation to Ca this June with my husband and kids and it fits great 
Love this Sarong . 
She is just a tad on the plus side , but the Sarong was still plenty big enough . 
The colors are rich , and the wrap seems to be decent quality . 
I sent her out to get a plum purple pedicure to match the purple hibiscus flowers , and also purchased the black & purple New Balance women's WMN Rev II Flip Flops . 
She was already the hottest thing at the pool this year , now she's doing it with style & taste . 
It also washes well . 
Great quality and awesome colors ! 
I love this purchase ! 
This one is particularly soft and breezy feeling , and I'm sure it will work great as a coverup on my upcoming honeymoon . 
It fit as expected and is warm and comfortable . 
I was so pleased I have ordered one for my wife . 
It is very absorbent and warm . 
It is also very thick . 
I would have been more comfortable if it would have been a little larger . 
Robe fits well , its very warm and comfortable . 
I LOVE this robe ! 
I purchased this to replace my 15 year old , tattered , worn out Hyatt Hotel robe . 
It washes great , it's fluffy and so comfortable . 
Super cheap , great quality , great timekeeping and very rugged ! 
I only use automatics and i love this one ! 
people complain about accuracy and that is pure crap ! 
it was a easy fix to a better strap though so no sweat ! 
The lume is great , even though i dont care about lume , I always have a light on my helmet anyway so every one talking about how important lume is , is just retarded , you always have lights ! 
Its plenty accurate very legible , the dive bezel is perfect with minute markers all the way around so I can see when its time to decompress and hit the tv lounge ! ! 
buy this watch , its great and cheap ! 
The watch is gorgeous . 
I've seen and handled it in a watch store before so I knew what I was getting . 
I'd say this is at best a $ 20 bracelet . 
I bought this watch in early 2004 and it is just as solid and beautiful as the day I bought it over ten years ago . 
Not like ten years is some enormous amount of time , but any big watch guy knows that's quite a while to hang on to a timepiece . 
After that I wore it less often , but not because of any specific issue , I just moved on to the newest and coolest watch . 
Anyway , I recently rediscovered this Seiko masterpiece in my case and I am really glad I have it still . 
Unlike the current issue model , mine has a Seiko Singapore movement , rather than a Malaysian movement . 
Obviously , it can't keep pace with a Casio Solar Atomic model , which is another favorite of mine , but it still is pretty accurate . 
And whatever concern you may have over the inherent inaccuracy of Seiko automatics versus general quartz movements , I will say that the absolute aesthetic beauty of this watch greatly outweighs them . 
From the robust case width and bold color scheme to the jubilee band and fit and finish , this model is a clear win . 
I highly recommend it to anyone seeking a classic retro diver look . 
I'm a fan of Invicta watches , having owned three . 
All have been of fine quality , the only " knock " on this brand being that most of their models are far too big for my wrist . 
) I owned the coin-edged bezel model of this watch previously , and decided to buy this model as the price as always was great , and the appearance is way above average . 
The band is solid , but not too heavy.My two criticisms of the 8926 are these : 1 . 
WAY too tight . 2 . 
The fold-over safety clasp , while a great security feature , is extremely difficult to open . 
I look forward to years of service from this one as with my previous Invictas . 
This is probably Rolex's most popular watch model , their copy ( or tribute , or homage , whatever you like to call it ) of the classic 60 ' s Rolex Submariner dive watch.They ' ve made a fine copy here . 
The Rolex has a coin-edge bezel ( like a US dime's edge ) , and that Invicta model is the " 8926OB " model . 
Also lots of video reviews online at youTube.My best advice is to make sure you order ( and pay ) in whatever way best guarantees an easy return and refund in case you are unlucky enough to have problems.If you do decide to get the 8926 or the 8926OB coin edge version , consider putting it on a nylon strap of the " original Bond " pattern which is a replica of the one Sean Connery wears with a white tux in the opening scenes of GOLDFINGER . 
Comparison shopping can be a happy surprise.Hope this is helpful . 
Enjoy . 
I own three invicta watches and love them all ! 
Invicta quality is amazing . 
My husband wears it almost every day and has had it for over a year and it still looks great , runs great . 
Will be buying Invicta again , for sure . 
I got this for my husband as a gift . 
The transaction was smooth , it came in on time and was well packaged . 
It's been working great and he gets a lot of compliments on it . 
The watch is in generally good but in reality the size is smaller than you imagine . 
While this was a good price and the build quality seemed great for the price , I returned this after a few days . 
When I got the watch the second hand was off , and it spaced up IN BETWEEN the second / minute marks on the right side of the watch , from 12 to 6 . 
You would be wise to shop around , and Amazon is a great place . 
In any case , I highly recommend Amazon and will always patronize this company . 
Finally received a reply from Invicta customer service after two weeks . 
I have a small thorax and elastic always wears out fast and then the back rides up , but this one is cotton and stays put . 
It does run very slightly small . 
Gives a very perky look . 
This is the fourth Lilly sprots bra I bought . 
This one fit is tighter than usual . 
But the concept is great . 
Just aren't true to size . 
This bra is great . 
I honestly use it daily and not just for workouts . 
I don't like the normal stretchy , tight exercise bras . 
It is perfect for walking in our Florida heat . 
Wasn't sure about this bra when I received it , not realizing the underwire was on the outside . 
I don't ever want to have pointy boobs , especially when I'm working out . 
Love this sports bra so much I have it in 2 colors ! 
Fits very true to size and have been very happy with both bras so far ! 
I like the straps ; I like the outside wire ; I like the separation ; I would like to be able to breathe , though . 
The wire on this bra may be on the outside but it still dug into my in cage . 
I don't like the sides of the bra - they are very thick / tall - where your normal bra has sides that are only an inch or two , this is more like three or more and makes me feel stodgy and fat . 
Not as flattering as some of my other sports bras . 
I've worn this bra as an everyday bra for a few years now and I like it because it is very reasonably priced , provides great support , is durable and gives a nice look under clothes . 
When I received it , I found the band EXTREMELY tight . 
Surprisingly , the band of the 36D was also tight on the last set of hooks . 
I have found that to be true and I am happy with it and will buy another one . 
I like to look like a woman when I am out there . 
Keeps your warm and is thin and soft ! 
This shirt fits true to size , is warm but not too warm , and the colors are gorgeous I have bought several of these shirts and will probably buy more . 
Simmon loved this beanie it matched his shoes and belt , He wears it all the time he will probably order off her again 
I WAS NOT HAPPY , IT WASN'T THE QUALITY , THAT WAS FINE , IT WAS IN MENS CLOTHING AND BARLEY MY 5 YR OLD NEPHEW . 
I live in the Northern Midwest , where this winter has been really fracking cold . 
Since I love my Merino Wool socks , and have a couple midweight tops from this same comapany , I figured I would try these , too . 
These things are warm and comfortable . 
High quality and very comfortable . 
Highly recommend this product . 
I had to go on a weekend camping trip to northwest wisconsin with my son in January where we were going to be outside most of the day . 
The temperature dropped to - 5 , but these and a pair of wool pants kept my legs warm the entire time . 
I was worried that they would be itchy , but they are very smooth and did not itch at all . 
Great product ! 
these proved to be very soft , comfortable , and warm , i highly recommend these for cold legs ! 
they were not necessary during the mild sunny days , or at night when i was zipped up in a very warm sleeping bag , but in the evenings when doing camp chores and the temperature quickly plunged from the 60s down to the 30s , i needed something to stave off the chill that my jacket and pants alone couldnt quite do . 
i threw these on under my pants and when combined with my fleece and softshell tops i was quite comfortable sitting idle in the cold , still air . 
these are quite a bit more pricey but worth it especially if you can nab them on sale . 
These kept me warm all winter in MN , coldest winter in forever . 
What a difference Merino wool makes . 
I bought these as a costume prop and they were great . 
One of them broke , but that was only because I accidentally shut it in the car door . 
They worked great for what we needed them for . 
I love this , great for cosplays . 
I purchased as a gift for my husband and he loves this watch . 
He is fond of Invicta watches and this one did not disappoint ! 
It's width is perfect but it is longer than I'd anticipated . 
Even so , it's easily comfortable enough if you're just wearing it as a slipper . 
These sandals are safe and comfortable for her . 
But I only knocked it down 1 star because the scarf is actually pretty great . 
The logo is stitched on fine , its super soft and comfortable , its a good length , and its licensed merchandise . 
So for about 18 $ its a good enough scarf , though it is not lambs wool as it so states two times .. 
It came on time and the packaging was intact . 
There is a little Harry Potter tag in Chinese but since the scarf was made in China it made sense.So , onto the scarf itself . 
It is wide and thick , which is perfect because it will definitely keep you warm . 
It is actually embroidered and the colors are rich . 
It's sure to stand out and make a statement.Overall , this scarf is very accurate and just so soft ! 
We all had fun on Halloween and this was a great purchase , not a cheap plaice tie 
I really wanted to see how it holds up quality-wise and whether it my son is interested in it weeks later . 
Well , this is a winner for us ! 
I highly recommend it ! 
They were both way too large . 
The color is lovely . 
They are comfortable though , so I'm happy . 
After slipping into these panties I didn't want to take them off . 
There so comfortable and feminine looking . 
Comfort and beauty sometimes don't go together but these panties are the best I have been using them for many years and they last a century , lol well I got some from Vanity Fair for 10 years and they haven't lost the elasticity on the waist and legs . 
Wash after wash they look the same . 
You will have to throw them out of boringness . 
They are very comfortable and light . 
The banding around the legs is sized well , unlikesome other brands that will be too small or shrink.The lining is cotton , so no danger of collecting moisture . 
I wash them and hang to dry ; however , occasionally they accidentally get dried on high in the clothes dryer without sustaining shrinkage.They are a good deal for the price , also . 
Well made and I love the fabric .. 
I'll keep ordering these . 
This panty is smooth and slimming and holds up to many washings without showing wear . 
comfort and beauty sometimes don't go together but these panties are the best I have been using them for many years and they last a century , lol well I got some from Vanity Fair for 10 years and they haven't lost the elasticity on the waist and legs . 
Wash after wash they look the same . 
You will have to throw them out of boringness . 
Great panty . 
Comfortable , light , feels great and washes up great . 
Panty lasts a long time without the usual problems I've found in most other panties . 
Nice fit although I've ordered these before and the material is very different . 
They hit at our natural waist and there are no lines showing . 
Good color , good fit , but too much elastic v skin contact . 
Delivery was fine . 
The quality of the product was good ... however I found that it was a bit small . 
Nice and smooth . 
Washes well too . 
Fit was great . 
Washes good and comes out great . 
Would highly recommend this product to everyone . 
I bought some of these a while back an i loved the fit , the feel , and the way they clean up . 
So i bought myself somemore of them , also they are very comfy . 
I have a lot of extra stuff going on in my behind and these panties fit nicely without making my back side look like it belongs to a hippo . 
Without a second thought , these are my favorite panty . 
They are always true to size , the waist band and color and hold up to washing over and over without much shrinkage . 
My size - I'm a jeans size 26 and I bought a handful of size medium . 
I'm very glad I did because they fit perfectly and they do not ride up at ALL during the day , even with my very tight jeans . 
I love these sleek undies . 
They fit perfectly , they don't ride up , somehow . 
I love the silky fabric , too . 
They work , they're not uncomfortable , so I'll keep them but wish I would have known . 
I'm a size XS in everything and I got the small size for this . 
I got the red and it's sexy . 
Can't complain . 
I prefer the lace version of them and think I will purchase a couple more pairs of those . 
Now the lace ones , those are really beautiful and comfortable . 
Nice for thin ladies . 
It still fit me okay and comfortably and provide enough warmth with out being so bulky . 
It has a nice knit design . 
I bought this slip in a nude color , and it spun to the side so much that you could see it hanging out in the armpit . 
More importantly , the fabric is perfect . 
Many of the slips now are a super-flimsy fabric that sticks to and rides up on hose and tights , leaving you with a slip that is rolled up around your hips . 
It also launders well - it's a no-drama , serves-its-function slip . 
It fits comfortably and was a good price . 
The slip ends about 6 " above my ankles and the size Large has just enough material to drape nicely over my hips without being clingy or , even worse , too roomy . 
It is the perfect size , not to mention super cute . 
This will be my go-to bag for all future trips as well . 
I love your cosmetic bag but I miss having the double ended zipper on the inside large pouch . 
This watch is great ! 
I was brought it for a high-stress clinical exam ( excelsior ) and it was very reliable . 
I was worried about the numbers showing up as red but I had no problem seeing the time . 
I love my Casio watch . 
It looks awesome and works great . 
Look at the price ! 
This has a more attractive look . 
it was a gift for my girlfriend ; when she opened the was surprise and happy for her new watch , she love it 
These are cute and very comfortable . 
The goggles are padded all around the edges , so they are very comfortable and never start to hurt . 
I bought them for a costume and they worked out great . 
You can see through them pretty well , but I mostly wore them on my forehead . 
Comfortable . good back support . 
Wash and ware . 
easy to wash . ill buy another one later . 
uncomfortable , and difficult to put on . 
It also runs really small . 
Supportive , soft , comfortable otherwise . 
I have a large chest so it's extra difficult . 
Once it's on though it does help my posture and minimizes my chest , but it's uncomfortable where it digs in . 
Really comfortable and breathable . 
I live in Houston so when the summer heat hits I prefer loose clothing for work . 
The straps are a little longer than I expected , but I'm only 5 ' 0 " so that's fine too . 
Very pretty , very comfie , very well made . 
Very comfortable slip , no slipping straps . 
Plus it's nice to have it to wear while doing hair and make up . 
I still love the slip and would pay more money for a higher quality version . 
I prefer this product over others due to gathered bodice . 
They are comfortable and do what I need them to do: help with the sheerness of most of my dresses and help with thigh rub . 
My thighs have always rubbed together even at my thinnest . 
I highly recommend this product . 
When I took the gown out of the wrap I was shocked at how wrinkled it was , a sure sign that the material wasn't good quality . 
Really pleased with the fit ! 
My husband thought it was very sexy style . 
It's a nice quality nylon that will hold up well as long as you wash with delicate cycle on washing machine ! 
So hard to find the ballet style gowns anymore . 
I love them ! 
This the perfect silky , lacy negligee . 
While this covers a lot of skin , the bodice is entirely see-through . 
I am used to buying vintage sizes , and this is definitely not in those sizes . 
I will size down when I repurchase in the future . 
I also purchased in red . 
Nice but cheaply made kind of sexy and very sheer . 
looks great with robe , feels great , and very comfortable.will have more for the summer.great product , just as described 
The lace over the bodice makes me feel like a rich slice of wedding cake . 
The silky , satiny skirt falls in soft folds and makes me look so graceful . 
By far the prettiest , sexiest , most simple and most comfortable gown I've ever owned . 
It's so flattering . 
I had the shoulders shortened about 2 " . 
Now it fits fine . 
I am 5 ' 3 , 150lbs , and 36DD . 
I love the way this nighty accentuates my waistline and breasts . 
Due to the stretchiness of the lace , I believe the gown and robe will still fit very well when I lose the extra lbs . 
The length was good for me , too.Yes , as others have mentioned , the fabric is very thin and see-through . 
The gown and robe are absolutely beautiful , very flattering , and amazing comfortable . 
I loved this robe . 
Pretty fabric , light and comfortable to wear for warm weather . 
Later she came back to me and told me she kind of wished she had the brown . 
This jewelry box is great for taking on vacation . 
Especially if you are planning an extended vacation . 
I am very pleased with this jewelry box . 
A must have for any jewelry enthuses . 
I bought her a medium . 
The color is a very rich burgandy color.The robe came in the expected time . 
Rich looking . 
Lovely smocking on the top front . 
The material is thin , so it is more of a summer than winter garment . 
This bra is great ! 
I feel fully supported and the 3 - hook design really adds to making the bra feel very secure . 
This is a fabulous nursing bra for a very reasonable price ! 
This bra might have been nice if I was able to use it . 
I find that 36 is still too large around the ribs , but the cups fit . 
` Even if you are full with milk , the cups are way larger than expected . 
Take the cup size down a notch when ordering this one . 
Great value ! 
( I'm in36DDD ) The full inner sling is a must-have for nursing moms with larger breasts . 
I can bend over again ! Highly recommended ! 
Nice basic generic undershirt . 
I use them under polos at work . 
One wash and they soften right up . 
I usually prefer no wire but this works well and I have worn the bra for 12 hours without any problems . 
This bra is not only beautiful , but fits wonderfully ! ! 
" OLGA bra came up and I am so pleased with this bra ! ! 
I will order more in 2 different colors . 
I highly recommend this bra . 
I used Olga's scale for bra measurement . 
I have yet to wash said bra , when I do will use Delicate on warm.dorothy 
It's not an everyday bra , but it's great for the occasions you need a little more coverage . 
I have a large chest & this holds everything in and up and looks great . 
Definitely worth the price , I plan to purchase more in other colors . 
I love this bra ! 
I own several of these bras in different colors . 
It is extremely comfortable and works well with my work dresses , but it is very thin . 
And the lace felt scratchy anyway . 
Love these bra's . 
This is a totally different formulation or blend of the STF fabric and it didn't shrink the same amount or was a different pattern . 
Still a good jean but it's a shame they aren't all the same . 
Hi , I'm 48YO man , I have used all styles of Levi's since a was a teenager , and after 15 years I bought again a pair 501 STF rigid blue . 
It feels stiffy for about an hour after been washed , but this is the normal for 501 STF . 
I love it ! . 
Not recommended . 
Too small despite me ordering his normal size . 
I had Christmas ordering issues , so ended up with 2 pair for the price of one since they didn't arrive in time for Christmas . 
Both pair too small . 
Returned both pair , and got credit for only one . 
The jeans are a nice color and fit good . 
It takes a couple washes to make the jeans fit right , so I just wash them a couple times right when I get them . 
They fit great & are very durable . 
I bought these as a gift for my dad , and they fit great ! 
Wore 501 ' s when I was growing up and have always wanted a pair as an adult . 
Glad I was able to find them again . 
Bought for my husband whose jeans size is 30x30 and he found it to be too small . 
When these arrived , they fit fine , requiring some expansion of the waist band - - I returned the larger pair . 
Great fit . 
True to size . 
Very comfortable . 
I was very happy with jeans bought from " Elite Hero company " Perfect all around . 
I like the fit and they are comfortable always . 
good color and good cut . 
youthful and modern line.waist size and leg length perfect . 
please continue maintaining the quality of their products . 
Bought two different sizes , but on both pair , my thighs bulge out as if I'm wearing yoga pants . 
They are athletic and muscular legs with very little fat . 
You really need to be thin and lanky for this pair to look good on you . 
Also the material isn't your typical jean material . 
( 28X32 ) These fit him nicely . 
They look good and wash and dry well , I didn't notice much change in size after washing . 
Great color choices too . 
Great price too ! 
Fits great . 
Love them . 
These are the best fitting jeans I have found . 
These look good , fit good , wash well , and are my husband's favorite go to jeans . 
Great purchase ; they fit right and they are as advertised . 
Could not stop commenting on the comfort and look . 
I've worn them camping , boating , etc and they've held up great . 
I'll definitely be buying another pair of 511s . 
Levi's Men's 508 Slim Tapered Jean , British Khaki , 34x30 fits below the waist . 
If you have skinning legs get the 511 and if you have normal to big legs get the 5087 . 
I took a chance with these Levi's 511 jeans and I am sooooo happy that I did ! ! 
hahahahahaha - - - anyway - - - I have been shedding a few pounds here and there but it is only affecting my upper parts . 
They feel great ! ! 
There is still room even though they may appear tight fitting . 
They look nice on as well as feeling nice . 
- - - So now its time to shed a little more upstairs and go hit the stage - again ! ! 
I had some of this style Jockeys from back in the daywhen we still made stuff . 
Do yourselfa favor guys , just go " commando " , cause you can't purchase adecent pair of under ware in the USA anymore . 
So I bought him these and he is so happy now . 
He says it holds everything right where it should , and comfortable . 
This is a 2nd purchase of this product as I was pleased with the first . 
While some people aren't comfortable with this type of pouch it works for me . 
Only odd thing is the color modeled is gray and the only colors that I've seen available are black and white . 
I have always loved Cole Haan shoes , quality , fit , style . 
They always wore like iron . 
They were too small , too tight , not as well made , and - oh , by the way - made in India . 
I love ordering products when I know the size and quality are consistent . 
These shoes were wonderful and the quality outstanding . 
This shoe has a great quality to it ! 
Love the fit and look . 
I expect them to loosen up and fit more comfortably as they break in . 
shipping was timely and would do business again . 
They are great quality and the design on them are absolutely amazing . 
the colors are more muted in real life , but still looks nice . 
This is my first online shoe purchase . 
I had to remove two of the links in order for it to fit my wrist and it's not tight , but feels secure . 
I have a solid size 8 foot . 
it isn't wide enough ! 
This is my 3rd pair . 
I love these slippers . 
I also got the Cheetah print pair . 
Both fit great , are comfortable and look beautiful . 
Poking a hole in them not only does not make sense in any case , but this does seem it would ruin any moisture protection if one should step into some spilled liquid . 
I can't say that Isotoner is my favorite brand ( the best I found was Robinsons May Charter Club but haven't been able to find them since RM was purchased by Macy's ) but they are far better than most . I just purchased the black version of these classic terry Isotoners ( model number 9896H ) . 
The terry fabric keeps my feet warm but it is " breathable " so my feet stay comfortable . 
Glancing at other reviews , there appears to be quite a disparity in sizing results . 
My experience with buying shoes on Amazon is that just selecting a different color can effect the quality and sizing . 
The white slippers look like another pair I have with terry like a soft , fluffy bath towel . 
It was nice to find the black in terry cloth on Amazon . 
Fits great , comfortable , easy to wash . 
these are great slippers . 
very happy . 
I'm an 8.5 and they are just slightly large but perfect if i want to have socks underneath . 
very happy with my purchase and plan to get more . 
These attractive and comfortable slippers were reasonably priced . 
They have a cotton top and rubber bottom . 
The pants are true to color and a perfect length . 
The color was perfect , same as the picture . 
Thank goodness I found the style I prefer on Amazon . 
I'm a bit surprised that so many people are confused by the texture they've received here , but I am not surprised that they're confused they received it . 
The Dane finish is part of Levi's " WATER | LESS " finishing process and is waxed . 
I don't know why Levi's isn't more direct about this finish because it surprises some , and isn't easy enough to find for others . 
Great way to ditch your hiking boots after a long trail day . 
These have always been my favorite shoe and I have owned several pairs of this shoes over the last 20 years ( in black , navy and white ) and have always loved them . 
This shoe is perfect with pants or skirts and I found them comfortable to work in all day . 
I did keep one pair even though they have the plastic sole as it rains a lot in the northwest and they fit fine . 
Top quality all the way , leather inside and out , totally on trend and sizing always consistent . 
Trust me , they are some of the best shoes I have ever owned ( still own ) and I have six pairs in my shoe wardrobe . 
Recently I have sustained multiple spine fractures and any of these shoes are my go to everyday and typically I am on my feet all day . 
It fits pretty well and does not show much if any cleavage and that is what I was striving for . 
Some bathing suits show too much skin and I am just looking to be comfortable and covered while I do laps at the pool . 
It was also very hard to put on and it was very small for 36 . 
Great product . 
Nice and large . 
Holds all the equipment , including the kick board . 
Pull buoy , paddles , and fins also fit . 
Very bright color ! 
Like the fit and streamlined cut . 
So nice I almost forget that it's on . 
Silky smooth feeling and freedom of movement allows me to perform my physical therapy in the pool with ease . 
I will be buying more in the future . 
I held the outer layer away and my wife couldn't see anything in daylight two feet away . 
They're great for lounging around the house in the summer . 
I've worn this swimming once . 
It looks just like a sports bra and bikini bottom - very athletic look . 
Happy with the purchase . 
No worries though , the wife loved them with the darker color . 
this pair of earrings is actually a little larger than the ones I had purchased at the mall so I was delighted to have them slightly larger . 
They look elegant . 
Very pleased with this purchase 
I wanted some nice hoops that look good anytime . 
They are small , but have just enough sparkle that they look good with jeans or a nice dress . 
The earrings are very pretty but quite small . 
I will enjoy them anyway . 
The recipient is more than pleased with its function and practicality . 
I first ordered my normal size and it was tight so I returned it for a larger one , this one feels better but they do run small . 
I think Wigwam socks are uniformly comfortable and well made . 
These socks are very comfortable , especially around the toes , a troublesome spot for many socks , they don't slip ( yet don't feel constricting , ) and dry out quickly . 
I use these as daily wear general purpose socks and I run in them a lot as well . 
These are an excellent fit and very comfortable for an active 73 year old . 
Gardening , exercise and all the things that go along with activity make them extremely comfortable . 
They was and dry perfectly , take up little room in drawer or to pack for a trip . 
Love them . 
These are so comfortable that I don't even know I have them on . 
I should have bought one size smaller but they work . 
I have had softer , less bulky cotton briefs that I found much more comfortable than these . 
As long as I am standing and not moving , they are fine . 
I greatly prefer self-fabric legs and waistbands . 
Elastic digs in and makes briefs look like grandma panties . 
Also , for me , these were a little too fully cut . 
They come all the way up to the waist and fit comfortably . 
My only complaint is that the waistband rolls / crinkles after a couple of washings and after that happens the panties lose their comfort for me . 
This was a Xmas gift and he said they fit great and he likes that they are tagless . 
Very comfortable and great fit would order again . 
They helped immensely . 
I bought these socks because I can't keep my feet warm , and they seem to be doing the trick . 
Great , high quality jeans and very reasonably priced . 
FIT GREAT . 
Fit in jeans is a personal issue . 
These Wranglers fit fine for me , but it really depends upon the individual . 
I've never found a Levi that was particularly comfortable , but that just means that my preferences are what they are . 
It seems like sizing is not as consistent anymore ( I have also experienced the same issue with Levis and LL Bean ) . 
The denim material is differnent than Levis , more a " weave " pattern . 
He's always been tall and slim , and now that he's a teenager , it's hard to find jeans so small . 
They wash well , and don't require ironing . 
They are thick and sturdy , and will last until he outgrows them . 
These jeans have always fit me great and I will be ordering them from Amazon again . 
It's always great not to have to find a store nearby that carries Wrangler Jeans . 
These fit great and look good too . 
Incredibly small ! 
also the material was very coarse . 
I was a Levis 501 shrink-to-fit diehard for a while , but with the sudden Levi Strauss departure into political stances and a decline in manufacture quality , I started searching for alternatives . 
Not $ 100 + for a pair.Wrangler cowboy cut hits all of those notes , and has a great price as well . 
Which means there will be around 3 % shrinkage for the Wranglers after washing , vs around 10 % for STFs . 
Wrangler wins on material.Stiching & joining - Wrangler has a clever double stich on the outer leg seam that looks single stich . 
Which wins on both style and durability . 
Levis 501 STF use a singe stich in the inside leg seam . 
This category is close , but I prefer Wrangler stitching and joining . 
I don't mind it , but many people do . 
These pants have a tall rise , are tight through the legs , and flare a bit at the bottom to accommodate boots . 
I am 6 ' 1 " 180 lb , athletic build , and the pants fit snugly but not uncomfortably . 
If you have extremely muscular or fat quads , or a big belly , these pants are not for you . 
Just cut it off.Overall , a great raw denim jean for very little dough . 
Nice 1950 ' s style cowboy picture on the tag . 
My husband was pleased with these jeans and is wearing them now . 
They fit as expected , although one of the two pair fits a bit tighter in the waist than the other . 
This was a good deal . 
He was able to tighten it while he shrank but the pants didn't . 
I have several in different colors and would definitely purchase again . 
It is truly stunning and easy to put on ; meaning it gives you room because it stretches . 
best nice nightgown robe that is not trashy ... very elegant .. feels great ... will probably get more . 
nice summer time robethank you 
Obviously not an appropriate robe for company , it's still intimate although more conservative than most things . 
I do love the elegance and flattering design . I purchased this with a complimenting gown from the same line , but in a different color so the contrast would be outstanding underneath the robe when walking about as the skirt flairs open in the center to show the gown underneath . 
It is a very nice robe but it runs about a size too big , and does not have enough buttons . 
I love the grippies they keep him from slipping on my hardwood floors and they are a crew sock so they don't slip down in his shoes . 
She's starting to pull herself into a standing position so the non-skid should be helpful . 
Nice bright colors too . 
My grandson used them while learning to walk . 
but since my neighbor has complained about her toddler grandchild slipping on her hardwood floors I thought these would be GREAT for my grandson in Florida on tile floors . 
Could give higher rating if not for that fact . 
I decided to try out swimming . 
This is my first pair of tight swimming shorts . 
Fits perfectly . 
Now I just need to get a second pair . 
Totally pleased with the product so far . 
I have always steered far away from " speedos " of any stripe , but these are a great option.These " jammer shorts " are streamlined to your body , but have a somewhat thick lining and are not uh " revealing " as other speedos might be . 
These are great briefs but beware that I received the incorrect item [ when ordering from Amazon.com ] - - style 70800-641 , instead of 70800-041 as advertised / ordered . 
When it comes to briefs , swimmers seem to find a cut / style that works best for them , and stick to it.Other than that , it's a great ' Speedo . ' 
I usually wear at 34 " in TYR ( comfortable ); these I ordered in 32 " and are tiny and snug . 
I bought these for both swimming and for working out as I find them more comfortable that most compression shorts . 
If your swimming this style looks better but I found the model with the seam in the front more comfortable . 
Make sure you order two sizes up from the current speedo size that you wear . 
These are intended to be a couples sizes bigger . 
You always ordered a good 2 sizes larger . 
Fits like a dream . 
It also includes a beautiful shawl . 
Basically it's a plastic rod with a clip on the end tha holds the ring to attach the clasp . 
Works fine . 
Something does not work like it to and this item does work well really nice can put bracelet on with this very easy to use 
It is a bit different to get used to and the first few times it may take you just as long if you were to put on a bracelet without help , but overall it is a great idea . 
This is nice I bought it for my daughter-in-law . 
If you like Izod , these are fine . 
These pants are huge and very baggy . 
The hem is also large , almost like bell bottoms . 
They are also not made very well with stray strings sticking out everywhere . 
As for me , I like my pants to have a nice cut to them that is flattering . 
These are definitely made for big boy's that need some extra room . 
I am 6 ' 0 and weigh 185 and fall between a 34 or 36 depending on the make and cut . 
These tees are very well made medium weight very comfortable roomy too . 
Love these over-sized T's . 
I set it and have not touched it since other than DST one hour changes . 
It knows how many days in every month and which year is a leap year so you never have to do a thing to it once it is set . 
The eco-drive concept had me concerned back then and I wondered how long it would really charge and discharge before it wore out . 
Took it out and it was still within four seconds of my atomic radio wall clock ! The look , color , detail , fit and finish on this Eco-drive is beautiful . 
The ocean blue face color is very unique and is best appreciated in the bright light of the sun . 
The band is very solid and comfortable . 
It has a unique / aggressive design to the links and how they interface . 
The accuracy is within a handful of seconds per year on mine and I am sure this is pretty common for the Citizen Quartz watches . 
I sure have my eye on the Eco-drive Diver to go with my two Seiko Monsters but this one keeps me happy in the meantime ! 
The price was good and the quality seems fine . 
fits good , looks good , wears well ... Very well made also ... these are the best most comfortable work out shirts of all ! ! 
nice . 
It fits very well to the body . 
I love my husband more when you use this shirt . 
Returning to Amazon / Russell Athletic ! 
Disappointed that it is too thick then expected , but its still something I can work out in . 
Love it 
Great shirt for running around , beach or use at the gym . 
Typically not fond on RA clothing because I tops a little more form fitting but for the price these can't be beat . 
Material is sturdy and I foresee getting lots of use out of these . 
the color is nice and the fit is good but that's about it . 
I was pleasantly surprised however when it arrived and it was actually the perfect length ! 
PROS : - Unbeatable value for money-Excellent quality , will not shrink or loose color in the laundry . - Comfortable to wear.CONS : - XXL may have been designed for folks with a large gut , not so much body builder-types . 
I lift weights , and have large shoulders and pecs , and big arms , but a 34 " waist . 
THE FIT WAS GREAT AN THE MATERIAL WAS GREAT WILL BUY MORE LATER , THE PACKAGING WAS GREAT AN I WAS VERY HAPPY . 
The fit is soft and relaxed and it did not shrink on the first wash . 
fine 
I will shortly return it for a larger size and perhaps a different brand . 
Very nice shirt . 
Always trusted Russell for the very best in quality and fashion t-shirts . 
Very soft cotton and it wears very well . 
I use these to round out my casual wardrobe ensembles and will continue to get them as needed in the future . 
Good quality , nice fit . 
The shirt Color is a beautuful blue . 
Washes well . 
Great quality for the price . 
These shirts are great . 
They're inexpensive , fit well , and shrink nicely in the dryer ( on high ) for a more fitted look . 
I also like the cotton polyester blend which is cooler than a plain cotton t-shirt 
Looks good and feels comfortable to wear around the house and outside . 
Russel Athletic has become a favorite brand for my husband . 
Fabric isn't great either .. though it looks good in the picture . 
I love ordering clothes online but experiences like these hamper me . 
Great for lounging around the house , yard work , exercise , and more . 
I use this to do house work as to avoid dirtying my other clothes . 
Wife wears these to turn me on when we go out , they fit her great she has not had any problem with them . 
also bow on back needs to be resewn almost falling off . 
I am very pleased with this purchase . 
The crystals sparkle and the color of them are beautiful . 
I highly recommend them . 
However since we only needed to use it on Halloween night and one other halloween party , I saw no need to waste additional money . 
For the 12-16 hrs this was probably on - it held up fine . 
It has shoe covers , the belt and chest computer are just printed on nothing fancy . 
It doesn't come with the light saber . 
Otherwise , exactly as pictured . 
Shopped around and this was the best price . 
GRANDSON enjoyed this so much but has outgrown it now ! 
It took me a little while to learn how to use these earrings but they are exactly as the seller described and LOVELY . 
My husband loves the look on me . 
The earings look as in picture . 
I absolutely love this sweatshirt . 
It is so comfy and perfect and even after a dozen washes it still fits perfectly . 
I won't order Russell anymore . 
It is really comfortable and will keep you really warm on those cold mornings when you jump out of bed . 
This is the best quality hoodie I have ever seen or owned ! 
I highly recommend it ! 
My only real qualm is the big white Russel " R " on the sleeve ; it sort of sticks out like a sore thumb.But other than that this is a comfortable , solid hoodie.The zipper isn't bad , but doesn't feel quite as sturdy or smooth as a YKK zipper . 
But for this price , the hoodie's an excellent value . 
I won't order Russell anymore with that much shrinkage . 
This sweatshirt is great for that . 
Really comfortable . 
Keeps me warm , looks good . 
However , this hoodie fit perfectly . 
Nice color , construction and weight . 
This runs a little large , which is nice , for a change . 
Fits perfect and is easy to clean . 
I usually don't buy white because it stains so easily but this washes nicely and has that cool fit fabric . 
Expected this to come small and shrink . 
It fits well , and is comfortable . 
I have two XLT Russell sweatshirts and they have a nice , modern , trim fit.But this XLT Russell t-shirt is like a tent on me . 
Other than that it's a nice shirt - soft , breathable , and tough . 
Russell clothing have always been very good--and we buy a lot of them throughout the year for birthdays , etc . 
We are always able to get extra large sizes and / or tall sizes for our boys . 
it would be nice to have a two tone color on the shirt to match different clothes that i wear 
good for the gym or just laying around the house . 
They aren't top quality , but they're good enough . 
They shrunk a bit after the first run through the laundry , but they still fit comfortably . 
This is a nice item , exactly as described . 
This is a basic product well worth the price . 
Good value in a pocket sport shirt . 
These don't wick away sweat as well as the Tri-Mountain pique shirts do , but otherwise I use them interchangably . 
The pocket is nicely sized . 
I can get my cell phone , reading glasses , and a pen into it easily . 
This bag is a good size for my 5-6 year old to use for swim class . 
You have to have some muscle to pull it tight . 
My second complaint is that the string actually came out so now the bag hangs WIDE OPEN making it absolutely not usable . 
The outside zipper pocket is also handy for keys , wallet , and cell phone . 
This is a nice size bag I purchased for 6 year old . 
It hold extra set of clothing , swim shoes , towel & misc items . 
It is well ventilated but I keep a plastic bag for wet clothing . 
This was so well-priced that I went ahead and bought it for our cruise . 
I was able to stuff towels , flippers , snorkels , bottles of water , and even two kickboards into the big mesh bag . 
Will use it for camping and going to the lake.Highly recommended . 
Great pair of cargo shorts . 
The build quality is second to none . 
These pants are somewhat big but because they are I think they are more comfortable . 
I bought these as a pair of work shorts for around the house . 
The right pocket opening was stitched up so high it caused the opening to be too small . 
Typical cheap mass produced Chinese junk . 
Before wearing or washing , burn all the ropes you find outside AND inside to prevent unraveling later or in the wash . Make sure to check inside the pockets as well . 
Oh , yeah . 
You should also take the time out to use a needle and thread to re-enforce the buttons all around the shorts : they don't use enough thread for a solid hold.The " normal " front pockets are deep enough but a bit small . 
I have only average size hands - not small , not large - but I have to sort of fold my hands to reach in to them to pull stuff out . 
I've got several of Rothco's " para " style pants that I love . 
And , they've held up well over the winter . 
These shorts are NOT sized the same as those pants , but I've done my best to give you an idea how to order on the size issue . 
How many they'll sell at this $ 26 - $ 27 price , I don't know . 
But , they'd sell more if they were more competitive . 
For me , I like this style enough to shell out the extra ( buttons all around , reinforced seating and pockets ) for one - MAYBE two - set . 
Nice , long , simple . 
Because the hanes polo shirt is a blended jersey there was no shrinkage . 
It's still in great condition . 
Absolutely fantastic product . 
Great shirt and great price . 
It's nice and soft , and comfortable on the skin . 
He loved it and was so happy and thrilled and it was wonderful ! 
nice shirt to work my husband was happy we love the shirt We recommended Thanks , my husband will enjoy it 
i'm 6 ' 3 " and 210 lbs . 
after washing it fits great . 
Nice fit , color nice shade of blue , could be a little softer.cant beat the price ! 
The Hanes brand is always a great buy ! 
Color just as pictured . 
Fabric nice & soft ... not too thick or too thin . 
These shirts are a great value . 
They fit great . 
Shirt is comfortable and fits as expected . 
Looks fine for work though . 
Nice looking , lightweight , comfortable shirt with pocket . 
Pure quality since it is a Hanes jersey . 
After I have bought it for the cheapest price I could've found on Amazon and when I received the shirt I just found out that it looks so good and it is so cosy that I had to keep it in my wardrobe to wear it as a daily clothes , but not work clothes . 
It fits well . 
It's a bit wide in the stomach area , but whatever , it's purple and fits my shoulders . 
I will definitely be ordering him another . 
love the color , fits great and looks good . i use them as work shirts.only thing is the fabric could be a little softer.cant beat the price ! 
At first I bought with some suspicion of its quality , which I just unpacked reversed . 
I keep buying other colors and other items of this brand . 
It's a little bit transparent as well , sort of like those non-cotton breathable athletic shirts . 
The Shirt is a bit roomy , but I can handle that . 
The fabric is a bit stiff and coarse , but that should soften up after a few washes . 
looks great on my 3X hubby who has amazing blue eyes . 
The extra large size fits as expected . 
I needed a bright gold color and this fufills that need perfectly . 
The feel of the polo , color , size is true to advertising . 
The package and packaging was as good as expected . 
When the Men are happy , then the ladies become happy also - - this way all is well . 
I would recommend these polo shirts to anyone who is interested in size , quality , color , service and price . 
We are all pleased with this product . 
This is a very good quality shirt but runs a bit small . 
;D It's a great texture ( Pique ! ! ) 
and the ' basic black nice summer look . 
however after washing the shirt is actually to small . 
I got these shirts in a few different colors for my husband . 
The colors are nice and vivid . 
One time in the wash and ill be putting it in the Good Will bag . 
Im 6-2 .. not going to work this shirt does not have a generous tail . 
I realize that it's an XL size , but just because someone is stocky or of larger stature , doesn't mean they are 6ft + tall . 
Other than that it's a great shirt . 
Wears good , fits nicely in the chest area , and look presentable . 
If you are 6ft + and range from 180 to 220lbs , this shirt should fit you OK . 
The hat fits nicely and they are both attractive . 
A nice non-itchy acrylic knit . 
Just what I needed for travel quick jewelry cleaning . 
Easy to keep accessible in suitcase , etc . 
While it probably cleans something , as it becomes black while rubbing it against the piece of jewellery , it definitely leaves the piece in the previous , unshiny look . 
It also leaves stains in your fingers . 
I've used on all sorts of metals - copper , nickel , all grades of silver , stainless , and weird amalgams of who-knows-what . 
They also have more belt loops than other brands . 
This was one of the fathers day gifts to my hubby , and he absolutely loved them , and they wash up well too ... very satisfied with this purchase 
I have always worn wranglers had not bought in 10 plus years still feel well and made well as well 
I love the feel and durability of these pants . 
Works great . 
These pants do fit very well and look nice on the boys . 
I am so pleased that they have longer leg sizes . 
Color is great and the fit is perfect as well . 
Happy I decided on the Relaxed . 
These jeans are comfortable and well made . 
And they look good on him . 
Recommended . 
The jeans fit fine . 
A real annoyance . 
Otherwise . 
TheThis pair of jean is the same cut and same size but it it tighter than the other pair . 
They fit fine . 
I wanted a lighter color but wasn't available . 
I have a size 34 version of the same product and waist is too large and these are slightly tight but okay 
These jeans meet all the usual standards in terms of appearance and toughness . 
The problem is that although I ordered my normal size they are cut slightly , bot noticeably , too small . 
One particular oddity is that the back pockets are so small that they are difficult to use . 
Coarse material , too . 
I have worn them but becuz of the tight belt to keep them on , I am uncomfortable when sitting or bending over as the belt doesn't " stretch " with use light the jeans do . 
When wearing them , I feel they do like the hated pany-hose and gradually the crotch feels like it's trying for my knees which is truly uncomfortable ! ! 
bought this for the brand but sizing is a bit small than what I wanted . 
too small , too small , and i even ordered the size larger . 
yea .. too small and it's too small bummer 
I bought these as a gift . 
They are perfect for his work clothes . 
Arrived safely in good condition , 
The jeans were a gift for my husband . 
It is often difficult to find big men's clothing , but this pair was the correct size , they were a very nice denim blue color . 
Sizing is accurate , they are put together nicely and the material is durable . 
These pants fit my husband perfectly . 
He needed new jeans and shopping here was great considering I knew they'd have his size :) 
It does not cost that much more to make a quality product , and I am willing to pay for the difference in prise . 
Having recently lost weight-and not being able to purchase ' off the shelf ' at our local Post Exchange in South Korea because of my inseam length - Amazon Prime again came through with the right size and a quality product . I purchased another well known brand - and found immediate durability issues - with the rear pocket tearing away from the seat - as I keep my smart phone tucked back there.This jean used much heavier denim fabric and I expect much better durability . 
These jeans won't make you as awesome as the long time green bay and 1 1 \ 2 season vikings super hero Bret Farve , but they are still gosh darn good stinking old pair of jeans . 
Pair these with a stylish belt and set your expectations to awesome.Fitted as advertised . 
He told me that both pair are an odd fit . 
I tried them on and hung them in the closit for later . 
They are high quality jeans and love the color . 
The jeans fit him perfectly . 
not worth the extra money 
He's much happier with these and say they're very comfortable . 
wish there was just a tad give in the waistline but other than that a very nice pair of jeans . 
Perfect no more wear Levis that within a few months.These are thicker and are more resistant to the perfect fit body ideal for daily work 
A good pant , good fit and excellent color . 
I only can say than pants look something different to the pic they show here . 
Maybe if you use boots all time you feel good but if you use sport shoes pants will look a llitle width than pic .. 
And being an old Motorhead , when getting down and dirty he needs comfort ! 
Different . colors and shades 
Overall a very reliable product . 
Wrangler isn't fancy , but the cut is comfortable , material and construction is durable , and the price is great . 
I must admit these are the first pair Of Wrangler jeans I've purchased primarily due to TV ads and secondly price.The fit is comfortable but the waist is a tad higher then I'd prefer and surprisingly , the inseam seemed a bit longerthan the 36 inches I'm used to at 6 foot 5 inches tall . 
Hopefully their longevity will equal the value . 
Was a little large for me though . 
These jeans are well made - just what I'd expect from Wrangler . 
Out here in Oklahoma almost everybody wears jeans and Wranglers are popular . 
Great slippers . 
Handsome , comfortable , casual , strong and good quality . 
They look classy and casual with all lounging clothes and have decent soles to run outside and do little chores , too . 
Color was dark navy as described . 
It is light on the wrist , slender , and ten years for battery life is yet to be seen ! 
Received this watch today , 2 days after order . 
very sexy , perfect fit , see thru , shows my 42dd titties very nicely , guys love seeing my titties when im out shopping , I wear with a micro mini , very sexy 
With this little wallet I purchased credit card sleeves so my pans pockets look nice and not full of staff . 
I purchased this watch as a Christmas gift for my wife . 
Found it at a great price and couldn't be happier . 
cherokee is a rougher material , but i love these pants . 
the color is great too ! 
Nice scrub pants , however way too big . 
Overall I love them and keep on going back to them . 
My son had bought my first pair and I lost those by an unexpected move . 
I am happy . 
Wonderful shaper , very comfortable . 
Highly recommend for smoothing and slimming . 
I believe these were a gift and if I remember were well recieved . 
I've owned many pairs of Reef sandals .. these are comfortable to wear , but after a couple of months ( I wore them every day ) , the clear plastic / rubber under the heel started to crack and fall apart .. also , the foam at the front ( where your toes are ) tends to wear down fairly quick . 
As long as you know they only last 2-3 months with regular use , they're just fine . 
I love the way these fit , and hey are so comfortable . 
Not only are they incredibly comfortable ( basically open faced shoes ) , but they are stylish and have a handy bottle opener to boot . 
The sole grip is good for around 2 years ( depending on your wear frequency ) . These flips are well made of quality materials and they won't let you down or leave you stranded . I'd find it very hard to buy any other flip after having worn these for three + years now . 
They are somewhat small when you first put them on . 
These a super comfortable for walking , and work well on land and water . 
My husband has very wide ( 4E ) feet and has trouble finding sandals to fit . 
Bought these for hubby as a gift and he loves them ! 
This is the most comfortable flip flop my husband has ever had . 
I buy him a new pair once a year because he wears them so often . 
Definitely worth the price . 
The bottle opener bottom is always a hit at parties in the summer . 
Honestly , for the price they could have been made a little better in that respect , but they lasted two solid years of hard fishing and daily use in the summer . 
I purchased these Reef flip flops to replace my favorite pair of Evolv flip flops ( Evolv no longer makes the style I have loved for years ) . 
Overall , these fit well and are very comfortable . 
Like most , I assume the written description is what is being pictured and it's not.Otherwise , they look comfortable . 
I finally broke down and purchased this pair . 
This pair is comfortable and I can wear them on almost any occasion . 
Great fit and comfortable . 
Reefs are the absolute best . 
He loves them , they look great on him . 
Good deal here on Amazon . 
Will always order our Reefs here ! 
It is very light but not comfortable . 
The difference in price is astonishing . 
I have been wearing " Rivas " for 15 years so I know the shoe . 
No break-in period needed , although the heel chafed for the first few wearings . 
They are not water resistant , but waterproofing or mink oil works well . 
Very nice boot for those hot summer days . 
Feet keep cool in these for the most part . 
Love the different color of these , makes for fun matching with different outfits . 
This boot fits well ( true to size ) , is comfortable and looks good . 
Color is a Bronze / Brown that looks better when you see the shoe than on line . 
Please , as per usual , order half size down for Clarks shoes . 
They fit well but you need a replacement soles for more comfort . 
Excellent fit compared to the Bushacre , which runs large . 
The Clarks desert boot is simple in design , but quite comfortable and pairs with jeans and khakis equally well.Excellent dark leather with the light-colored crepe sole is a nice contrast . 
I am usually a 14 in athletic shoes , and this runs large enough so that even with thicker wool socks the boot is still a bit large . 
I would go a half or full size down from what you wear in athletic shoes.The boot is a nice casual boot that matches with a lot of different outfits . 
These are great . 
Solid traction , good casual yet somewhat formal look . 
It's a great shoe and comfortable to wear but every few days not every day . 
I love the boots . 
My normal size in Asics sneakers is 9.5 so I hope that is a useful reference for some . 
I also got these boots when they dropped down in price to about 67 dollars , which I felt was a steal for how nice they look . 
Taupe suede looks great with most of my outfits ! 
I love these boots . 
They are lightweight , comfortable , look great , seem well-made , and won't break the bank . 
The crepe sole is super flexible and springy , and very comfortable to walk on . 
Also , the crepe soles turn black and look filthy after just a week . 
Oh well - people don't see the bottoms of your feet all that often . 
It darkened the boots a shade or two , which I'm okay with , though I prefer the original color - so be careful . 
This shoes lasted longer than some people live . I bought this for my father , because I love him . 
He tells me , it's super comfortable , and it fits perfect . 
And I used to work for a shoe manufacturing company . 
Inexpensive and great style and quality . 
I've had them for almost two years and they've held up great . 
Highly recommend these shoes they are still so comfy too ... 
This is my fifth pair of Originals and first in this colour . 
Excellent workmanship , first-rate quality . 
My husband is happy with his Clark's . 
He has been wanting a pair for the longest . 
Anyway , they are very well made and look beautiful on . 
Definitely recommend . 
Good quality and light and comfortable . 
I love the comfort and quality of Clark shoes and now I feel the same way about their sandals . 
I have yet to find another brand that is their equal for the money . 
I have been debating about buying this sandal for quite some time now , since it was on sale I bought it . 
As usual Clarks has always made a very comfortable shoe and sandal . 
This makes the strap for tightening on the outside of the Sandal unlike their Hudson where the Strap is on the inside of the sandal . 
Although , it is livable , but inconvenient for anyone reaching to outer side of the sandalWill I return them ? 
Hell no they are just too comfortable as they make the best Sandal I have ever worn in the past 55 years . 
I really love these shoes are comfortable and beautiful 
The fit was true to size and they are a very comfortable nice casual weekend shoe . 
These shoes are a bit nostalgic for us , because the style was very popular when we were kids . 
The color taupe is a very nice neutral that goes great with jeans , or even a nicer khaki pant . 
The color wasn't quite as nice as the pictures but it will work . 
The had is top notch . 
A huge brim or a huge cap ... 
You can tighten the leather strap under you chin or you can use it the way I do ... as a way to hold the hat on the back of my neck / back when I want to take it off for a short time.Very pleased . 
In the box they included a fee sample of Allegra and a packet of coupons ... I only saw one thing that interested me ... 
This hat is great for Summer . 
The stiching and top stitching are flawlessly neat . 
My complaint came too late for tracking yet I still got a replacement . 
Love the large pockets Holds lots of stuff while cleaning . 
Pretty colors and nice material . 
Cool for warm weather . 
I love this bow tie . 
It fits perfectly and it looks dashing , although I tend to look like a Time Lord , ventriloquist dummy , Pee Wee Herman , Bill Nye the Science Guy , etc . 
I love these earrings . 
They look good , like catches them . 
When laundried properly , these bras will last for years ! 
I love this bra . 
I was worried that it wouldn't fit right because I has a large chest , born with it , and I'm not so small around so I usually get a larger size around the chest on other bras . 
These earrings are really pretty & show so many cool colors ! 
They look great with so many outfits . 
Love them ! 
I have purchased these before and they did not disappoint ! ! ! 
The square cut of the Swarovski crystal exceptional ! 
these are very pretty earrings but are very tiny , which I had been aware of before ordering , but am still surprised at how small they actually are :) Will probably give them to my Grand daughter . 
The color looks great and the brim keeps the sun out of your eyes . 
The shoes came in a timely manner and are comfortable to wear . 
I liked the feel of the nubs , but inevitably they'd break off in big patches and the strap would start tearing off and I'd have to tape it closed . 
So I'm going to break out of the pack and try a lesser known , more reasonably priced brand of massage sandals this year . 
I'm giving them 3 stars for sentimental reasons . 
Very unfortunate , these are the real deal Sambas , just didnt fit . 
my cousin was happy with his running shoe ! 
if he's happy , im happy .. it fit him perfect I most say 
He likes the classic style and low-key color ( he bought all black with the 3 stripes ) . 
Flexible sole provides comfortable foot bottom and has gripping pattern on the bottom . 
My husband said that they are only comfortable when worn with socks . 
I really love Keen sandals . 
I have four pair now but I prefer the ' Whisper ' model to these because the Newports are a little bulkier looking . 
these are great to walk around in all day . 
Highly recommend these for lake use ( good toe protection ) and just general walking around . 
I have a pair of these and a pair of Whispers . 
They seem to be a classic look for KEEN , and I adore the yellow triangle with the ! 
These shoes have plenty of support without being too snug or lumpy , and will be great on the trail in warmer weather ( it's a very cold end of March here in NC ) . 
You cannot go wrong buying KEEN ! 
I even bought a pair for my son ! 
These are so comfortable . 
Nice wide toe box . 
I have a little extra room at both front and back but the extra room allows for foot swelling . 
I purchased from " ShoeSurfing " who Does Not Pay For Return Shipping on their shoes . 
If you have gigantic toes then these are for you . I love Keens for the most part , I hoped I'd love the shoes . 
I dunno ;) Not for me - - the toe area felt bizarre , the inside felt weird - - just all around felt off . 
Loved my Tevas and got use to those , so I think it might just be the shoe and my personal preference ( ? ) 
I preferred the color black but they were out of stock . 
I love these sandals ! 
They are comfortable and are great to wear all summer long . 
I've had them for almost a year and they still look brand new . 
Love the color I got as they go with just about everything I wear . 
My husband has a pair and her love s them . 
I think that these would have been great shoes , but they were slightly too big so I returned them . 
My old ones that are still going strong are the Navy / Black ones and these new Bluestone / Grey combo provides for a lighter shade of that doesn't clash with the wardrobe . 
You cannot go wrong with this shoe model . 
Love Keens and will stick with models I own . 
Not because I'm athletic but because I like the idea of a multi purpose shoe . 
Super comfortable . 
Best thing is i feel stable while walking . 
Love these shoes ! 
Love the color ! 
Love the versatility . 
I love this shoe as I've loved most of my Keens . 
These are a little bit clunky looking compared to another style of Keen's water shoe , but the color is so fun and looks good with my capris and shorts as well as jeans . 
The Keen sandal was not quite right for me . 
Although it was a sandal , it was warmer and heavier than shoe in subject line . 
Loved the shoe . 
Didn't like the color . 
Fit is great . 
I have high arches and wide feet . 
And I love that these shoes are really wide . 
I have a wide foot and high arches . 
The heal strap pinched . 
( The Keen Venice sandal fit much better . ) 
The color is exceptional and the ties are strong and sturdy ! 
It fits nice in the overhead compartment , lugs up and down stairs between train tracks and maneuvers well on the Paris Subways . 
It held up well to the rigors of travel and we ’ re going to use our packs again to do a 6 week trek to Australia , New Zealand and Indonesia . 
If you can learn to pack light , this bag is great ! 
I'm very happy with my purchase , durable perfect size , affordable . 
I know this will be a great backpack for years to come ! 
Highly recommended ! 
PLENTY OF POCKETS TO CARRY MY COMPUTER , MY TABLET , POWER CORDS , STYLUS , PENS AND PENCILS . 
THIS ONE IS THE BEST DESIGN SO FAR . 
Love this backpack ! 
Very happy with this purchase ! 
I can pack all the textbooks I want in here with my lunch , drink , and all the extra stuff that goes with school . 
I always buy JanSport bags for my children because they are durable & long lasting . 
We needed a solid color backpack as part of school requirements , this was the best we could find . 
It is a good size and a nice color . 
I always like these bags . 
They have alot of room and I give it to my child so they can carry all their things in it without any problems with zipping it up . 
Very nice backpack . 
Great size with a lot of pockets . 
Great backpack ! 
The light pink shade is actually very nice , I initially thought it was going to be too much color ( I live in NYC ) , but it looks so good . 
I love it ! 
I've always loved Jansport and I ordered one for my bro , and it sure goes well with his rough and tumble way of handling things . 
got it for my lil sis last saptember and she loves it , its holding up very well thus far , jansport has always been know for quality products and so far im not dissapointed ! 
however , it works just fine for carrying a laptop and a book or two , and is a nice alternative to a purse 
I love this bookbag and I have had it for almost two years now :) 
i'm a beefy dude ( XL shirt size ) , and this was too small to fit comfortably on my back . 
had to return it . 
My girl needed a back pack and I had this brand when I was in school and loved it and so far she says that she loves hers too ! 
Love this backpack very sturdy ... not enough storage space on the inside and I miss the side pockets to store stuff like water and umbrella on the sides . 
This is a great quality , light weight book bag . 
The print is bold and the material has held up well . 
After using this product for a year now it still looks and feels exactly the same as when i first bough it thats why i usually buy janSport . 
We bought this for our 5th grade daughter and it's too small for her to carry all of her stuff for school . 
It's also flimsy feeling , nothing like the JanSport backpacks that I had when I was in school . 
I have a couple of other jansport backpacks , so I was very surprised by the quality of this bag . 
Also , this bag is tiny , way smaller than I thought it would be . 
:) I'll keep it though and try it out . 
Great buy for the price . 
This thing made me look two sizes smaller ! ! ! 
Notice that it has front hooks that are a bit thick , so they may show under tight clothes . 
Great for looser clothes or rouching . 
It's just crazy uncomfortable . 
Effective though ! 
Very nice fabric , fits well and does not roll down . 
I wish I had known how great these were before now . 
Firm hold without being uncomfortable . 
the top rolls down and they cut in my thighs and makes them look funny . 
They also run a little small . 
The product was nicely made but I am sorry for the miss sizing . 
These fit perfectly , Exactly as described ! ! ! 
So pleased with these Flexees ! ! ! 
I know I will be ordering more in the future , and definitely Do recommend them . ps they do not fit tight , just comfortable .. wish they were less then $ 12.00 a pair , but they do as they say . 
The problem with some of these products is they are uncomfortable , but this one is not . 
It fits well , supports properly , and feels comfy all day long . 
I bought these in 3 different sizes trying to find the right one . 
this item is very nice but runs small and tight buy a size larger than you wear ok , the fabric is nice 
My waist is 33 " right now and the waist band is a little tight ( almost causes a roll I do not have otherwise ) but I suppose it helps keep them from rolling down . 
I will use them later after I lose weight . 
I suppose I could have gotten the large but I don't think they would be as controlling . 
Why do you keep changing it ? ? ? 
Fits nicely and gives great support , love it ! 
In addition , the effectiveness to minimize is fantastic . 
The straps are comfortable . 
It was a great price so I tried it.The bra is at least 2 " smaller around than any other 36 " I've purchased.The 3 part cup makes anyone who's larger than average look very pointy . 
It doesn't appear to look like that in the picture.All and all it was a big disappointment . 
If you want to make your breasts appear smaller , this can work . 
Not sure if the Lilyette Strapless will work for me . 
The red with white dots is smaller than the black and nude pairs , although the nude are cotton . 
I will keep them but won't be buying more . 
They look real good on my wife and they seem to be comfortable . 
I've tried so many different panties that would not ride up show mega pany lines and wash nicely . 
Highly recommend for curvy ladies I'm a size 10-12 more 12 on bottom . 
They have a nice lace edging and wash well with a dark load . 
Fits everything very well . 
The stretchy fibers move with you . 
Does ride up a little butt that's the fun . 
Boy-shorts are great for boys too Did I mention super sexy too ! 
Fit great . 
Love them . 
I love boyshorts , but cotton never fits right . 
The lace doesn't itch , they are light and comfortable 
I am about 160 lbs these days and ordered the size 7 which is Large.They don't ride up ; are very comfortable and have a flattering fit.The fabric is lightweight , nice and smooth along with the cotton crotch lining.The fabric is very giving / flexible material and easy to care for.My only problem has been in the wash ... The lace comes apart a bit after being in the washing machine and I have to cut the string bits off . 
I think the recommendation is to hand wash . Maybe gentle cycle is the ticket.Either way , these are my favorite . 
Bought these for airsoft and so far they are very durable , when it comes to handling crawling through the dirt or being snagged by thorns and bushes . 
The waist band is adjustable , so even if you forget your belt you can re-size them thankfully . 
Very comfortable and great cushioning 
Panties do the job and aren't too thick so the child can move freely . 
They are made of thick layers of cotton so if an accident occurs it is soaked up well , but they still do leak because they are made of cotton . 
I bought two pair of these leggings . 
These leggings are soft and feel very nice on . 
They are comfortable and look nice on . 
What is not to love about these moccs . 
I found them to be well made and true to size . 
Wish they came in more color choices , but basic black is fine for year round wear . 
The fit perfectly and are very comfortable ! 
She loves them and they look great on her , very cute ! 
They are handmade , albeit overseas , entirely of very soft leather , including the bottoms , which are soft . 
I'm not sure if I believe that , I'm more of the opinion that a shoe can't connect or disconnect you but I digress , these are great shoes . 
They really look great . 
Because there is less material , they make my wifes feet look smaller , which is kind of cute , and I don't have a thing for feet or anything . 
So comfortable . 
Highly recommend . 
I celebrate my Native American heritage when I wear these . 
First , they fit small for me ! 
Also , the quality just isn't what I expected . 
I love the shoe , but they are a bit small , not true to size . 
I really like this shoe , it's so comfortable . 
The color ( I ordered the red ) is really rich and bright . 
The pictures show the red as more raspberry , but in reality it's more crimson / cherry . 
Which is fine , as it was what I was hoping for.The color is so strong , in fact , that it's rubbing off on my socks and feet ! 
Hopefully , these shoes will last me ! 
If you have wide feet , just order your right size . 
Anyway , it is a nice product , worth buying . 
They are so nice and comfy don't even know I'm wearning them . 
Choose just think looks very comfortable , the actual wearing is very appropriate , after than other thangkas so some shoe , also more strong , will buy again 
I liked the shoes but they were too long and too wide . 
but this time they ran wide . 
Color ( taupe ) is gorgeous . 
I got a blister at the seam the first day I wore them to work . 
It worked fine . 
I was excited to try out these cute moccasins , as I loved the other styles of Minnetonka's I have owned . 
very comfortable , they will stretch so get a size smaller than your usual . 
the color is an dark orange brown 
I absolutely love these shoes . 
They are very comfortable and there was no " break-in " time at all . 
They're cushiony when you walk and they look great too . 
I love purple so was thrilled to find these in my favorite color . 
They are good quality and very comfortable . 
this is a nice slipper . 
i returned it and bought the wide for my husband . 
he is really a size 121/2 m , but since the slipper does not come in half sizes , i bought the 13 . that was too narrow and we ended up with the 13 w . he likes them and they are comfortable . 
Highly recommended . 
I love these shoes . 
They come polished well and the are easy to shine up . 
Wingtips are pretty much the standard in business attire and these shoes look excellent . 
They still look amazing . 
I bought these for my husband as a birthday gift to replace a pair that he had worn out . 
He loves these moccasins and was very happy to receive another pair . 
So they are worth the investment , other moccasins from LL Bean were higher priced and were not as sturdy . 
These moc's are the best I ever had . 
from all the size comments on the reviews I was torn between ordering my usual size and some that said order a half size larger . 
made very well and comfortable . 
I've had many types of Minnetonka Mocs but these were my first Moose ones . 
Beware though ... 
Now almost floppy with regular socks.Moose Mocs are the most comfortable shoe I've ever worn in my life ! 
Sometimes I have to order wide width shoe's but these fit well . 
Plus was the non-slip soles for this long winter . 
From the reviews , I figured they would be heavenly , and they may be--if they weren't a half size too big . 
My feet are swimming in them . 
This my second pair ! 
These are the best shoes I have ever purchased ! 
Merrell , please bring them back . 
This pair is well made , but fit a tad bit big , but since I use orthotics , it worked perfect . 
The soles will slip on wet , but most shoes do . 
Highly recommend . 
I love them . 
They are very warm and good quality . 
I also have the Minnetonka sheepskin moccasins and the toe area is wider . 
I prefer the fit of the moccasins . 
However , because of the style these slipper boots keep my ankles warm in this unusually cold winter . 
I have always been a fan of sheep skin slippers . 
Good quality and nice style . 
The leather portion of the shoe is excellent , looks and feels great . 
Bought these shoes and they were delivered on May 13 , but , less than two weeks later , I am noticing slight tears in the leather . 
Will update this review to reflect any changes re : tearing in a couple of weeks or so . 
If it continues , I will return the shoes , as this is unacceptable for this price shoe . 
I bought this shoes , because my father use them since 1985 . 
He has more than 6 pair of them , but this is the only one in brown . 
this shoes are extremely comfortable . 
They look good but are a little flimsy . 
These shoes look nice , but they are very uncomfortable and they feel snug , I ordered half size down to make sure they fit but it didn't help . 
Well , these look good and do the trick . 
It is very comfortable and it fits as I expected . 
sebago is a great product and i am very happy with the product . 
i love it . 
Had trouble finding Navy boat shoes for my husband until I found this pair on Amazon . 
He said they felt a little snug at first , but didn't take long to break in and become quite comfortable . 
I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this great shoe ! 
Very nice shoes . 
The shoe is a good medium width and the toe box is high enough to be comfortable but not too loose . 
This was accomplished with a little effort and the shoe is now very comfortable for causal use . 
Handsome shoe and seemingly well made however if you are buying this shoe for itsdouble WIDE label dont . 
It might be a medium at best ... 
But , the shoes DO run a bit small and tight . 
Still they are comfortable and appear to be well made with high quality leather and soles . 
Leather is supple and sole are good quality as well ! Have owned these slippers for close to three months now , over time the slippers lining under my right foot has come lose ! 
Highly recommend these shoes . 
Very comfortable . 
My husband has difficulty finding shoes in the stores because they just don't carry size 15 . 
While these shoes look nice , and are comfortable , they're a little too roomy in the heel . 
My husband loves these shoes - so comfortable ! 
I love these shorts - see my other reviews - but they do ride higher than you might be used to ( LOOK at the picture - they're like right under the dude's belly button ) . 
Just a little higher than I'd prefer . 
I love these pants , they are rugged and fit well . 
I've always loved Sketchers and have been wearing them since I got my first pair of boots 20 years ago . 
Fit is as expected from Sketchers , which seems to run a tiny bit large . 
I received my FIRST pair of Skechers and tried them on . 
These are a great pair of shoes . 
Glad I purchased them and at a good price as well . 
So if you have to buy the double E because the regular E isn't available , they'll be okay . 
When I used it to pull the tongue up ... it separated from the tongue . 
A good shoe , good color , beautiful style , I don't need more . 
For example if you use 10 you should purchase 10.5 size . 
Very nice pair of shoes.comfy ! 
Shipped to me very fast.my first pair of Skechers , love them.will buy this brand again and again ! 
I bought two pair of these . 
he was not so keen on the brand , but the fit is great . 
I like the sharp clean design , and they fit just fine for walking shoes . 
They're comfortable and fit well . 
My 7th Sketchers shoes , this one is one of the best fit , most comfortable to walk in , and looks very good as well . 
Dr Sholls , Adams , Floorshein , Madden , I tried them on different type of shoes , however I found Sketchers is the most reliable to get a good fit and a late style shoes . 
I purchased these sight unseen and once I got them and tried them on it was pleasantly surprised by how nice they felt on my very wide 3E foot . 
They add lots of spring to your step and are comfortable . 
Recommended . 
Oh , and GREAT price . 
I like these so much I have 3 pair . 
One pair did develop a tear along the underside where the seam meets the sole . 
But I'm tough on shoes , so I don't know precisely if I did it , or if it was a defect in the show . 
But the other two pair have held up great . 
I'm 55 , 6 ' , 180 , and rotate shoes every other day . 
Look great with jeans and a sport coat . 
Fits perfectly as suspected by sketchers . 
That's why I live the sketchers brand and keep coming to it over and over again . 
I have neve bought a pair of Skechers before , but I am glad I desided to buy these at this time . 
The style and the fit are excellent , and again I am very pleased with the purchase of this product . 
These shoes fits great and are very comfortable for just about anything you . 
Highly recommended ! ! 
THEY ARE VERY COMFORTABLE AND VERY NICE LOOKING . 
LOVE THESE SHOES , I WORE THEM ALL DAY AND MY FEET FELT GREAT ALL DAY . 
shoes need to be comfortable ! 
if you want a comfortable shoe , i'd go with the sketcher go-walks . 
they are super comfortable . 
great price , too . 
We live overseas and the base exchange never has shoes big enough . 
Fit is great , they are so incredibly comfortable , and lightweight with good traction ! 
These are the best sneakers I ever bought ! ! ! 
Love them ! 
Well-constructed . 
Highly recommended ! 
I am on my feet alot so I need very supportive and comfortable shoes . 
Very comfy fit perfectly exactly what i want and need . 
I feel like i now float through air as i wrk highly recommend :-) 
I bought these because my last pair was killing my feet ! 
I wore these about 14 hours last weekend and I felt perfectly fine after running around all night ! 
I give this shoe five stars , because i love how comfy they are . 
When my old pair wears out i always buy these . 
I have purchased many Skechers in the past , but I must say this is the first pair I have been disappointed with . 
This is my third pair of Sketchers work shoes ... all have been great . 
I bought them as gift & that person loves them . 
I bought a pair of sketchers for myself but they aren't as comfortable as I was told this pair were so make sure it's this one when you order . 
As has often been my experience when purchasing shoes , the size that fits is unpredictable . 
It was my first time purchasing this shoe . 
They are comfortable yet afford me with exceptional support . 
The shoes look very well made , as were the pair I had several years ago . 
This model feels like they were made for my feet , and nothing else has ever come close . 
The size was good , the feel was incredible . 
What I got looks pretty good , well worth what I paid for . 
If they last as long as a pair of real leather shoes , then I made a good decision with these . 
They look and feel excellent . 
The rubber soles are a plus for me . 
Happy for now :-) 
I have wide feet so I am always looking for comfortable dress shoes . 
These wides are really wide . 
They are also a bit squeaky and scratch pretty easily . 
I have had Bostonians , Clarks , and Florsheims which I have preferred over the years . 
I've always wore 10.5 wide shoes , so I ordered these the same way . 
Not only did the top part hurt the joints of my toes , the ' wide ' style shoes were tight on my feet . 
I ordered these in a size larger than my husband usually takes and because of that they fit great I have a hard time finding shoes wide enough for him . 
It goes great with everything . 
This shoe works perfectly for me in it's intended role as a dressy shoe to be worn several time a year . 
I got 14 W and am very happy with these . 
They are very comfortable to wear and look very nice . 
These are the shoes that my husband wears everyday to work or with dark pants . 
He says they are very comfortable from day one , hold up as far as construction of shoe , and are quiet when walking.Don ' t need to let everyone know who is walking down the hall with the sound of your shoes ! 
They have a nice non skid sole , so no slipping on wet , ice or snow but still have that dressy / business look to them . 
No real break-in time , color is slightly unusual and stands out in a good way . 
Very vulnerable to scuffing / doesn't look good a little scuffed like some leather , but that's to be expected for the price . 
This is got to be my 5th or 6th pair of these shoes ... they are great for those kinds of jobs where you have to be dressed decently and you have to walk a lot ... They repel water well , I don't have to worry if I have to walk a mile in the rain ... the thick soles protect my feet and it's an excellent , all around shoe ... you could wear this to a BBQ , a wedding , a funeral , or out to the movies ... it fits everywhere . 
I received the shoes on time as expected . 
good looking casual shoe and very comfortable . 
As a work-to-leisure shoe , these are great-looking and comfortable . 
They go great with " business-casual " attire that prevails in my office . 
Still , these are really nice shoes for my lifestyle . 
My 15 year old is pleased with these - they are comforatble ( he has a wide foot ) and wears 10.5 and these are 11 so they fit well with boot socks . 
well made boot ... sole of boot has a good grip in snowy and extremely cold weather ... 
But still a great boot 
Ok , these are nice shoes and they fit me just right.Overall it is rugged and warm enough . 
I bought these for winter weather and they are working great . 
Great work boots ! 
Finding comfort , style , good protection and reasonable pricing is usually difficult , but these are absolutely perfect in every way . 
This is my second pair of CAT Second shift boots.It is comfortable as the first one.It is Worth buying ! 
I set them outside to air out for a bit . 
These sandals are very comfortable in supporting the soles of my feat , but they run tight . 
They needed a week or 2 to get sufficiently broken in , but now are super comfortable , just like my old pair . 
The color is as expected . 
I bought these sandals for my boyfriend for his birthday and at first he complained that it hurt and was too small , but it just took a couple of days for it to mold into shape ... now he wears it every single day and he says they're amazing and comfortable ! 
These were given as a gift . 
Bought these for my 20 yr . old daughter and she is very pleased with them . 
I am happy that she is happy . 
I love them , they are so comfy . 
in my regular size , theyre a little too big but I still love them . 
They are durable , comfortable , and cute . I wear a women's size 9 and the XL fits me perfectly . 
I use them and fit very good . 
Excellent pant and a very good color . 
I use 34 and it look fine . 
When he tried it on , it was a perfect fit & so comfortable . 
They fit him perfectly . 
They fit nicely at your natural waist , not hip hugger style . 
I love my gold glitter Sperry Top-Spider shoes . 
I still love the shoes and I love their sparkle , but I'm looking forward to the white soles dulling a bit . 
But they are much stiffer and tighter than my other pair . 
I was happy to find this shoe at a price better than at Nordstrom Rack . 
They are constructed well and were comfortable all day ! 
I thought these were so adorable and they fit like a glove . 
I had to order a larger size in some other sperry topsiders but these fit perfectly . 
I currently have 9 cards in this holder and over the years I've gone through 3 or 4 of these . 
I get a couple years good use out of the holder and then re-order . 
Good deal for the price . 
The pouch is fine , functional . 
But the rich yellow color and the texture shown in the image do not convey . 
I will use it , but I am disappointed in how unlike what I * thought * I was buying this item is . 
It flatters my face and fits comfortably . 
It is soft , yet substantial . 
Recommended ! 
! 1 
g'son and it looks adorable on him . 
made well , with snaps to have it look like a " Aussie - out back look . 
fits well , looks nice , easy to put on , feels soft like wearing socks , make feet appear smaller.good color , great price quickly shipped 
If your foot is on the wide side , better choose another sandal.Overall , pleased so far ... we'll see how well they wear.Also : the " silver / sand " color is actually silver / sand boa---and is a faux snakeskin look that is very attractive---much more so than the photo . 
It fits well and it is just what i expected . 
It takes a day or two to get used to the " toe " separator " but once it's broken in , it's a great shoe . 
Easy to slip on and off . 
After having a couple of Mephisto styles , love the Helen and have in several colors . 
They are not too " orthopedic " looking and they are very comfortable . 
When I tried them , they were tight , hard and uncomfortable . 
I think I will go back to my fitflops , They are better quality , more affordable , and way more comfortable than these . 
I love rainbow , sorry these didn't work out for me . 
I really like the look of the rainbow sandals and people are raving about its comfort and build quality , so I bought a pair . 
However , I had to return it because of the sizing . 
I'm a 8.5 to 9 depending on the shoe so I bought the women's large . 
It turns out that the rainbow men's small was just right for me . 
So if your feet aren't particularly narrow , I suggest getting the men's pair . 
Unfortunately , my first pair started to crack a bit in the strap after I took them on one or ten too many rainy / muddy camping trips . 
If you're a first time user , they are very uncomfortable at first , they will rub your feet in all the wrong ways , but have patience ! 
The discomfort bit only lasts a few wears anyway . 
Also , they have a great warranty process ! 
Saw these here on Amazon , read the reviews and decided to take a chance and I AM GLAD I DID ! I work 8 hrs a day on my feet , had a TKR about 17 mths ago , and I need good comfortable shoes . 
Just what I needed - I will purchase again 
I found the shoe to fit comfortably even with my special orthotic insert . 
The shoe is a little heavier than I prefer but the quality is very high . 
This is kettle cloth material , which I haven't seen for decades . 
I love this material . 
I live in Hawaii so this is perfect . 
Very cheap , inferior material . 
Some of the camo shorts I've owned have lasted multiple years which is great for them being inexpensive and the activity I put them through . 
I surprised my husband with this for Christmas and he just loves it . 
I have bought watched for him and he always thinks they are too thick , but this one is not . 
The day he opened this watch , which by the way comes on the sweetest little Skagen pillow which is just a little touch of class , it went on his wrist and hasn't come off since . 
Where the wrist strap is attached to the watch the band is not flexible . 
Gift for my other half's promotion . 
It is a little awkward to wear at first and can look funny if your wrist is too small . 
We own a couple of skagens and they are great watches . 
This is a replacement of my previous watch . 
The last one was also a Skagen . 
It still looks pretty good ( band is a little warped ) but its not working any longer . 
These shoes are very comfortable . 
They are made well and they look good . 
I love the color . 
Keds has always been one of my favorites and will always be . 
These shoes fit perfect and I absolutely love them , the have a slight arch which is a great addition , they go awesome with my jeans too . 
WEAR THESE ALL THE TIME , VERY COMFORTABLE AND NICE LOOKING . 
WANT TO GET MORE IN DIFFERENT COLORS . 
These shoes are so much lighter and cooler than the usual sneakers / crosstrainers . 
I live in Texas and they are more comfortable for summer wear . 
Wash up well in the machine so they look nice and stay fresh . 
I'm generally a 6-6 . 5 in women's shoes . 
I ended up buying a size 5.5 in black and they fit perfectly . 
We ordered the white canvas in a size 7.5 , her usual size . 
Way better fashion sneaker than the ever so popular converse which are terrible feeling on the feet . 
I have normal size feet . 
my feet are stuffed in them , and busting out the sides . 
I got black in wide , and those were normal size . 
so wide = normal size . 
These are comfortable and they do have cushion . 
these shoes are actually pretty nice , i didn't expect them to be delivered early . 
i love them ! 
Bought these as a gift for a friend's 16 yr old daughter . 
Her mother has a matching pair and loves hers graphite Keds as well . 
Highly recommend ! 
Have worn these ( this style / color ) for years . 
I bought these about a year ago , and they are still nice . 
I always bought the cheaper ones , not wanting to spend the money for Keds . 
love my keds , it is a must have for summer , they get dirty just throw them in the washer . 
Take a step back in time , I went back to the comfort shoe I wore as a child . 
I was after tear away pants for a patient with a broken leg , got these by accident by I really liked them so I kept them for myself 
These pants are great . 
Solid construction , roomy fit for comfort over shorts going to and from gym or just to wear on their own . 
These pants are everything described , may get another pair to give as a present . 
Love them . 
Not gunna lie my BFF got me some from Adidas headquarters where she did her internship & those fit the same as these ! ! ! 
OK standing up but as soon as one tries to sit in them the extra material will fold under one's leg s and buttocks making these pants really uncomfortable and forever tugging at the fabric truing to pull it out from under oneself . 
Not comfortable . 
So I got these and was surprised to find they are just as good of a quality as the old pair . 
He likes that fur does not attach to them like regular sweats . 
In fact i have a lot of these in different colours . 
That might be okay , if it was actually comfortable , which it isn't . 
I was going to return it , but it's semi-functional as a sports bra . 
It is difficult to get this size in stores & the price was better here as well.Have already orderd another in different color . 
This bra is perfect for those whose breasts are not so close together . 
I got tired of buying old fashioned bras , in which the cups are too close together . 
I always have to push my breasts into the cups , which was uncomfortable overall . 
This bra fits my breasts perfectly , and lifts them up a little bit . 
Most importantly , it's very COMFORTABLE ! 
I had to take 2 full stars off for the horrid smell . 
I love this item . 
I really like this bra because of the gel straps - they are truly comfortable . 
However , right out of the package I did notice the bra was stiff and uncomfortable looking . 
This bra is one I have worn and loved before . 
I still have my old ones but I couldn't resist buying this again . 
This one fits great just like all the Playtex bras . 
Is comfortable and is pretty too . 
And I love the tone od beige that it is . 
I've been wearing these bras for years & have found them to be the most comfortable bras for my large bust . 
I love the wide straps . 
All around comfort should be paramount . 
but cup size was fine . 
Fits her great , she has no complaints about these bras . 
aside from rhat the construction is fine . 
I bought this bra for my exercise classes so that the girls are well supported . 
Comfort can be a question after being in it all day . 
Have the exact same one from 15 years ago that was still in the box ... fit fine , same size . 
Had to return this one , cup size way too large . 
It holds it shape as long as you don't put it in the dryer or wash it in hot water . 
Love the Marine Blue along with the other color choices . 
Playtex is always a reliable fit and durable garments . 
It is really uncomfortable on me , not to say it wouldn't work for some people . 
But I purchased another playtex bra , Playtex Women's 18 Hour Seamless Smoothing Bra #4049 , which is an absolute win . 
Great product 
Other than that , it is okay . 
I need to stick with the " traditional , original style . 
good quality brand that's been around for years and knows how to make quality and comfort products , only wish they made in this style some different colors as they do with the underwire bras . 
THE STYLE IS NICE , BUT IT'S A LITTLE SNUG . 
I love this bra . 
It is so comfortable . 
Order arrived in a timely manner . 
I love the color and since I wear a larger size than most it was nice to get something other than in white . 
I found the cup size to be a little larger but overall love the product . 
I found this bra to be comfortable and very supportive . 
I will order more later . 
I typically LOVE Most of the Platex 18 Hour Bras Wirefree Bras ! MOST of them FIT ME PERFECT ... 
MOST of the TIME ! SOME come very CLOSE to PERFECT with lately , the exception of only the CUP SIZE running too BIG & being the problem.THIS Platex STYLE is JUST TOO BIG Everywhere & ALL Around . I am NOT a BIG FAN & would Not even consider another size.Sorry.Michelle Cleveland , Ohio 
Comfortable for the most part . 
I have to put gauze in under the ring , other then that it is very comfortable and is supportive . 
Keeps my boobs nice and perky , and it fits comfortably . 
The only real problems I have are that they do produce a somewhat missile-tit effect , so you'll have to adjust yourself . 
I always wear a tank top with a shelf bra over my bra anyway , so that helps . 
But otherwise , quite nice . 
And the color is gorgeous ! 
Fits well and improves my appearance . 
Some bra sizes are slightly off when you purchase them online . 
But this bra is true to its size - not too big , and not too small ... 
Fits so very comfortable . 
I am so pleased , I ordered more in other colors .. so pretty . 
it's made long on the bottom and keeps rolling up under my breasts ... which aggervates the heck outta me ... love the wide shoulder straps ... if I could only get those with a NORMAL bra ... 
These were a gift for my mother . 
Playtex bras have always been her favorite . 
This bra does exactly as it claims , comfortable straps , and after all for us big breasted women / goddesses that is hard to find.Pretty too . 
I bought it for my mom , not only at a great price but the quality was good and she was happy with the color . 
HAVE BOUGHTEN THESE BEFORE AND WILL BUT THEM AGAIN . 
SIZES ARE PRETTY TRUE TO FACT 
I have not washed them yet and when I do , I will hand wash . 
Great jeans , great fit , a bit darker than anticipated ... but wearing them will soon bring out the right look without being shabby-looking . 
They feel very comfortable and everything seems to be good quality . 
I'll buy more of this style in different colors . 
This color looks nice and is pretty all-purpose for business-casual to casual-casual . 
My husband wears these jeans for work . 
This is the best price we've found ever for this brand of jeans . 
Relaxed fit for comfort at home or out on the town . 
They're comfortable , they wash well and they match all of his shirts : success . 
These jeans fit very well , and the darker color makes them appropriate for my husband's dress-down days at the office . 
I bought the " rigid " color . 
After a couple of washings the color is still quite dark but after a year of washes the color gradually goes from a dark blue to a bright blue with lots of white.Fit : 31 30 . 
You'll need to buy jeans in precisely your waist size ... which brings me to the point the Levi just doesn't do sizing except by " ship and try " method . 
Good quality , well made and they wash really well . 
The " BIG SECRET " , for him is the sizing . 
He wore a 32 x 36 , when we married in the regular boot cut Levis , but after years went by he had to go up to the 34 x 36 , and that was kind of OK for him until that size got snug . 
He runs a rather large truck body business , and spends a lot of time in his office , but he still loves to work on them , and weld and all that other stuff , and they hold up extremely well . 
We'll just wait see how this pair stands up to the daily routine . 
Wish they were still made in the USA . 
I'm generously awarding 3 stars because this well-known brand of jeans is of good quality , and Amazon's price is excellent . 
The fit is the same , as they have always been . 
Levi's switched to a slightly lighter grade of denim , as it feels slightly thinner than in previous years . 
its been hard to find jeans that are different and that fits well , I love the color . 
So far they have held up well . 
They fitted perfectly and looking forward to purchasing another pair . 
This piece was the lightest , easiest to move , and I was surprised at how much I could fit into it . 
Love the red color and all the compartments . 
I would still highly recommend this garment bag ; for the price , I think it's a great deal . 
I really like this bra and have worn this style for the last 3 years . 
It's very pretty and fits well . 
I have to order a few more in different colors . 
Love the lace design.only one problem the cups were a little big . size 38 DD . 
I also ordered the play tex comfort 18 hour gel the comfort strap the same size but it fits very well . 
This is my second purchase of the comfort gel . 
Keep up the great job . 
This is absolutely the most comfortable bra I have ever worn with the added bonus of being very pretty . 
I now have two white , two honey and one black . 
The pale pink was a nice surprise . 
They did a nice job with this bra . 
So comfortable and fits great . 
I highly recommend this one . 
This bra is very comfortable to wear . 
The color rosewater is a very pretty light pink and looks very nice . 
I was measured as a 40DD but this bra was just a touch large in the nipple area . 
Having a 40DD chest , it's hard to fine a wireless bra that is comfortable enough to wear all day . 
This bra is great ! 
Beautiful lace , great supportive straps that don't slip , and it's true to size . 
It does minimize your chest a little ( as most great fitting bras do ) , which is just fine with me . 
I have been wearing it about 18 hours now and it's still really comfortable . 
Great bra ! 
The bra is comfortable ! 
The straps are comfy , the cups fit perfectly , the band does not dig into my skin . 
Absolutely love it ! 
Bought my mother these bras and she truly liked them . 
Since she really likes the bras , I'm happy . 
Really comfortable and fits great . 
It gives a fabulous lifted and round round look to my boobs while still looking date night sexy ... no regrets ... fully satisfied ... 
Bought for my daughter and we had to return it . 
Color was very pretty but it ran small . 
Otherwise , it would have been fine . 
Overall this is a great bra . 
It's not perfectly comfortable though , and gets worse as the day progresses . 
Just love these bras larger shoulder straps good support it as a wonderful bra and my husband like the look ... 
Bought for my wife and she is pleased with the fit . 
this is not what I was expecting form Playtex and what they claim , I am not happy with this its not comfy as I thought 
This is a very comfortable bra and the color is nice . 
The straps are very comfortable and nothing on the bra cuts into my skin by the end of the day . 
Thanks to Amazon for offering this bra at a price I could afford . 
They are comfortable and have a good look under clothes . 
This bra fit normal and is very nice under all kinds of tops . 
good fit , very comfortable and no wires ! 
This is well made , nice to have different colors , a quality bra and excellent ! 
Fits well . 
Pretty comfortable to wear throughout the day . 
I also like the color , which is a great change from my typical black bra . 
It runs a bit small but good bra just get a size up if you are a big breasted gal 
Best bra I have bought in a long time . 
Shoulders are padded and comfortable . 
I love this bra ! 
I'm quite happy with this purchase ! 
Finding a bra without underwires that supports well and feels comfortable all day long is a big challenge for me . 
The delivery was on time , the packaging was neat , as expected of a Playtex item . 
I am definitely pleased with this bra , and will purchase in more colors . 
I would recommend this bra to anyone interested in a well-fitted bra , that definitely provides lift and support where and when needed in an area of looking for a women ’ s lingerie product with fashion and style . 
Highly recommend . 
This bra fits amazing . 
This bra has the most comfortable straps , is pretty , supportiveand fits the best of the three bras I just bought . 
I will buy this bra again for the comfort as it is the best so far . 
There is one aspect that could be improved , however.First , I'll give the positive features . 
The panel under the breasts gives good support , especially when standing . 
This connection provides better support . 
There is enough coverage in the cleavage area so that you don't " spill out " of the cups when bending or twisting . 
This has been a problem for me with some other bras.Second , there is one thing that could be improved . 
Although it is comfortable , I expected more firmness . 
Also , because it lacks this , the nipples can show through ( to be direct about it ) . 
They are very comfortable and work great . 
I love them and they are very comfortable to wear 
This bra fits beautifully , as all of my playtex bras do . I spent so long avoiding this brand , and i hate myself for it , All along i could have been happy , supported and comfortable . 
But most importantly it is comfortable . I would recommend this bra , and any other styleby playtex.Also : If you go to playtex's website , there is achart on how to properly measure yourself forthe correct size bra . 
I have worn Playtex bras most of my life , but lately their cups seem oddly made . 
Otherwise , the fit well and look nice too . 
Over all it is a nice well made bra . 
Plus side they are made from a nice soft fabric , shoulder straps are comfortable and they wash well , they are not the worst bras I have ever had . 
There is no 46D so I'm screwed . 
true to colour and very nice fit 
The lining is synthetic and it doesn't breathe well , so they bra can feel itch and hot . 
It'd liked it more without the lining . 
One of the ladies told me she needed a new bra for her birthday . 
She said she had always loved the " Cross Your Heart " bras , so I ordered her one . 
I'm sure she will love it . 
There is a little extra room in the cup so it makes it look pointy . 
The picture shows a wide back strap but the bra I received only had 2 hooks and was thinner . 
Over all I would give this a 3 star rating but it is a bit comfortable , I just don't think it is the right bra for me ... 
I found this bra to be on the itchy side , but more than that , it made my breasts look like torpedoes . 
For me this is the most comfortable design . 
Bras are very personal things and everyone's needs are different . 
Easy . 
I was disappointed with show-through ( the cups were fairly flimsy and not well-lined in my opinion ) , but the bra is comfortable overall . 
In addition , the lace looks a little cheap and the " relief " of the lace also shows through under garments . 
$ 30 later and I still have nothing . 
I am just not happy at all . 
Oh well . 
It's comfortable but the wide straps really show when wearing it with tank tops or sleeveless shirts or dresses . 
Great coverage in the front , though . 
Wearing it with a somewhat tight or sheer top is fine - it hides what needs covered . 
Also like the closure which keeps my glasses secure without a lot of bulk . 
All in all , an excellent value . 
Well , it soon found another use , to keep my husband's clip-on sunglasses available and easy to find in the car ! 
The snap-back at the top makes it easy to open , see what I have , pull out what I need without anyone seeing how much I have . 
They can slip folded in half in a pocket , or slip it in a pair of knee highs to hide it . 
And if it's laying around , someone wouldn't think there was money in it . 
I bought the red one , too . 
As a retired pilot , I have worn Rayban sunglasses since 1956 . 
I have purchased an estimated and used approximately 20 pair since that time . 
However , the current case is appears chintzy and has no reinforced interior shell . 
From a young age the've used ; the first I gave them my father with just 15 , a " Caravan " , then I had all kinds of models , but this is the one that most identify . 
These glasses fit perfectly on me , I love it ! ! 
I absolutely love these and they are my favorite ones ! 
Would definitely buy again , esp since the price on Amazon is so great . 
Luckily , the product fit perfectly . 
So , thanks for that Amazon . 
I love you guys , but I still have to give you 4 stars out of technicality . 
These are absolutely perfect ! ! 
I love the look and feel of this bracelet . 
For the price it is a very good deal so far . 
The lense isnt anything special ... if they last Ill be back for another color 
Just an FYI , and I knew this going in , they aren't very dark , but they do the trick for her . 
The cases are now very chintzy to the extent that after a few weeks of wearing them on my belt they have been easily crushed or torn off . 
These were the first pair of Ray Bans I owned and I love them ! 
The fit perfectly and the color highlighted my skin tone ! 
I have now bought these , then continue at eyewear and I am thinking of some special to take the extra mile to either cases or to protect from heat and infrared rays and if the other case , they should see to where I turn my eyes and protect from UV rays ( ie , the same use I give here on earth , when you go to the beach with my wife ) . 
These sunglasses are great . 
These are most definitely authentic Ray-Bans . 
There are certain things to look for on real ones that are not on the fake ones . 
If you purchased these and are unsure , just look up how to spot the real ones , or take them with you to a store that carries these and compare . 
Ray-Ban also sells a medium and large size as we'll if these ones are too small . 
I love my new glasses . 
Somehow I lost the pair of these that I had and was pretty down . 
Super happy . 
i know there has been some debate about some authentic Ray-Bans being made in china , but I'd rather have the Italian ones . 
i purchase this for me , it is real 100 % the material the Price the color Works perfect for me .. love it 
They loved them . 
The easily reversible band was a hit with them . 
I wanted sport shoes white until I found these that seemed perfect . 
I will continue buying this brand and recommending it to friends . 
as espected excellent sneakers thanks a lot , keep going with the great work of selling first class products on line . 
The Good : I love small billfold type wallets . 
It is a great wallet that allows me to hold my four cards ( three credit cards and a drivers license ) plus the clear front pocket hold my other ID . 
I generally carry about six or seven bills of money and that is about enough to keep the wallet small and comfortable . 
Additionally , there is one extra pocket on the inside which is too small for money but awkward for more cards . 
They should not have included it . 
Overall , I am happy but it is not my favorite wallet ever . 
I am forced to keep this wallet lean . 
if you want to have a small wallet , this works great . 
The capacity helps you keep stuff out and even full , it is easy to carry around . 
My husband loved it . 
This was everything I hoped to find for him ! 
It is bigger than most wallets in its dimensions , in order to have room for three credit cards . 
If you have pants with small pockets the wallet will jut out or poke your leg . 
Quality does not seem great . I prefer Slimmy wallets , but they also have a quality issue . 
These are my FIRST pair of Spanx I have ever had . 
They fit well , They are very comfortable . 
I am a larger size woman and they fit me great . 
Thank you for a great transaction . 
But it was very comfortable feeling , no binding feeling on my thighs at all and seemed very durable too . 
It did not make me feel hot , or sweat and did not roll down at all after wearing it all day at work . 
I also liked the open gusset style . 
I would recommend this shaper pantie to other women as for comfort and durability but just be aware of the big seam down the middle and advise ordering your regular size or one size smaller maybe . 
I have been wearing Spanx Higher Power for years and I love them . 
They tuck the tummy , lift the booty , and smooth the thighs . 
BRING BACK THE SILICONE STRIP ! 
They fit nicely and you can't see it under your clothes . 
I got the nude color so that way you can't see it even if you're wearing leggings or something that can be somewhat transparent . 
Not too tight and it's kinda funny but there's a slit on the vagina part so that you can pee :) I don't think I'll use it but , it's there ! 
I recently purchased a white linen dress and wore the Spanx under it and was pleasantly surprised at how comfortable it was . 
They were quite comfortable and not hot at all , which was great because it was a hot day . 
They also stayed put . 
I would highly recommend . 
This belt is an welcome addition to my wardrobe , since can be dressed up or dressed down plus the quality is also great for the price I paid . 
I love these Isotoner slippers . 
Not these ... they are perfectly comfortable and the sizing was right on . 
These are really comfy and I love the color but they are a tad bit small . 
Istoner makes great products , and after buing a pair of winter gloves last year , I was thrilled to stumble across these reasonably priced house shoes . 
They're made well and last a long time , and keep my feet nice and warm . 
My feet are happy . 
But these were perfect for what I needed them for . 
She says they fit well and are comfortable . 
Love these ... they look nice and they're very comfy . 
This is a very nice slipper . 
It looks and feels comfortable and well-made . 
I thought the medium would be fine for my daughter , but I had to get her a larger size . 
I don't want to discount a growth spurt , but they seemed a little snug regardless . 
Very soft and comfortable . 
Love this house slippers ! 
Wearable , wearable , wearable ... love . 
Very pretty , very soft / comfortable , Love the color ( pink ) . 
I do like that these have a room around the heal area so it does prevent you from sliding off the back of the slipper somewhat . 
Now that I received the right size - these run bit small . 
I am in love . 
Now with these clogs I can do that yet sit around the house with the comfort and style of an Isotoner . 
I love these slippers . 
I reordered & returned that pair , and the 2nd pair I have seem to be great . 
Also , if not socks it's necessary for her to clench her toes to be sure they stay on . 
Taking off my shoes and slipping into comfy slippers is one of the little things in life I look forward to each day . 
They were somewhat comfortable at first , but after two weeks of wear , the cushiony insole is all squished down , and not providing much cushion any more . 
It may sound silly , but I just feel like part of the joy of slippers is to be able to quietly pad around the house .. not a concept in this pair . 
These slippers are very comfortable . 
Love them .. 
This not only keeps feet warm on tile floors but cushions beautifully while standing in them . 
Comfortable , stylish , and very sturdy . 
I haven't washed them yet , so this review may be updated after the first wash . 
BUT : I did wash them after this original review above . 
I used the gentle cycle , warm water , mild soap , and when I opened the washer , there were pieces / parts everywhere ! 
These slipper are perfect they feel so warm and soft . 
Your feet will enjoy these slipper . 
These slippers are comfortable and soft at first , after a few weeks of wear they are still soft , but not quite as comfortable . 
Very soft , pretty color . 
I love these slippers . 
They are easy to slip on and great for walking around the house . 
The magenta color is so nice . 
My husband got me these and they fit great . 
i just have to be sure to wear them with socks so my feet don't sweat in them . 
well they are a nice pair of slippers , not the color I wanted but they are comfortable and very warm . 
When I first got them they were very comfortable and I was satisfied . 
Very comfortable as bedroom slippers . 
These house slippers are so comfortable . 
They fit me just fine . 
and loved them for a little while . 
Decided to return to Isotoners and now I remember why I used to love them . 
Soft , comfortable , WASHABLE ! ! 
Good solid footbed gives great support , sole makes going out for the morning paper easy . 
However it is not enough of a problem to make the slippers uncomfortable . 
These are comfortable and cozy . 
A little stretchy so becomes somewhat bigger , but still very happy with the soft feel . 
These clog slippers are comfortable and easy to get into and out of . 
I am pleased with my purchase . 
These Isotoner slippers are extremely comfortable , fit well , and have a sole durable enough to go outside if I need to do so . 
These slippers were comfortable for about a week . 
The " cushiony " inside , which was the selling point for me , lost its comfort after about a week . 
But I will say that cheaper slippers purchased from the dollar store lasted longer and were more comfortable than these . 
Soft and comfortable . 
Love these slippers . 
For a harder bottom shoe , they are relatively quiet . 
I use them to extend the cuff on my long sleeve shirts so that I can pull them up on my arm . 
Order a size up from your normal shoe size . 
I have 10.5 men's , the 11-12 fits well . 
It's good to have a pair of these for those rainy days . 
I bought these for my 91 year old dad , need him to be safe in the crazy Chicago winters . 
i have bought this watch for my husband and he LOVES this watch , the watch looks nice on whatever you are weaing 
I love Invicta watches especially their divers watches . 
It looks great and I have received many compliments on it . 
I never use the function but I am displeased with how fragile the stopwatch function is . 
I will definitely order more Invicta's but I wont order anymore with that function . 
Boo got certified as a commercial diver and also was his bd so i got him this cuz it was suitable for both occasions . 
I've had this watch for some time and have been very pleased . 
It's heavier than most watches , but I love the size . 
Usually I buy directly from the Adidas website , but these caught my eye because of the cheaper price . 
First of all , they did not fit well . 
They were much too big for the Medium that I chose , these bagged out in strange areas , I was swimming in them . 
I believe they are not a true Adidas product . 
I absolutely adore these . 
They are so comfortable . 
I love these so much and have a couple of pairs . 
Great for lounging . 
I have had these a while and they are so comfortable and perfect for colder weather . 
The fit is great and I love that they are long enough . 
Item is comfortable and soft . 
It is comfortable and fits to size . 
Well made , color perfect . 
Cheap price , cheap quality . 
I bought two , one for my wife and one for me . 
I like it OK but am afraid to wash it as i have had problems washing different materials lately . 
I will most likely wash it cold and rinse it cold and dry it slowly . 
I think it is because I am larger . 
It is of good quality the stitching is first class . 
I always wear an extra large , but after reading the reviews , purchased a 2xl . 
After a couple of washes , it fits well but a bit baggy . 
If you line dry these or shake them well before you dry on low heat , they are fine and close to true size . 
The black fades nicely after several washes . 
I bought several of these in white for an art project . 
They look exactly as pictured . 
They didn't seem to shrink too much after washing in warm water and drying in the dryer . 
My daughter wears 5T , and the 5/6 T is still a little big on her . 
These are 100 % cotton and the cotton material is very soft and comfortable . 
I will definitely purchase more of these 100 % cotton shirts for my grandson in the future . 
Bought shorts for the summer season . 
Very soft and comfortable . 
These shorts are soft , and I love the pleasing colors - navy blue , a light blue , and a soft lime . 
This is a baby gift , and I was happy to have the choice of 6-9 months size . 
I chose these cute short comfort and ease . 
I believe they will easily combine with a cute one piece shirt with snaps . 
I do not know how they will wash , but I have no reason to believe they will not meet reasonable standards of excellence . 
You will hear more from me if there are serious problems . 
love these ! ! 
at such a reasonable price ! ! 
Great price-would buy again . 
Love the colors , but runs large for my 13 month old who is 21lbs and 30.5 " tall . 
It was getting warm and I counldn't have him sitting around in just a diaper , lol . 
Saw a picture after he got these , they look like they fit just right and very comfortable . 
I will reorder in this color and the pink set . 
I love this brand . 
Love these ! 
This coat fit the bill and with the spare liner I had which fit perfectly , he had a great winter coat . 
The price was right as well . 
very comfortable and stylish 
I wish they'd make it available in more colors ! 
They are very cute and comfortable , my nephew love them ! 
Easy to clean and great colors choice too ! 
If this were a physical store , I could have kept trying on different sizes until I found the right one , but I don't want to keep ordering and returning . 
i have always bought converse slip ons for my son - the size 10 is much bigger than a normal size ten - not totally true to size - keep in mind when ordering . 
I've had dozens of pairs of Chucks , but these are the first slip on pair I've boughtThey're great for travelling on airplanes with the ridiculous show removal policy . 
Easy on , easy off . 
This is the first pair of shoes I've bought on amazon that actually for perfectly . 
I bought a size larger than my normal size . 
They look great and are very comfortable and easy to wear . 
Very happy . 
I am a fan of thick jean material , strong stitching , and a good fit . 
I didn't take the pants out of the protective wrap , to try it on.Returning product for refund . 
Which can look great , but honestly the button was stitched on so tightly , that neither of us can even get the button hooked even when not wearing the pants ! 
The button is not far enough away form the waistband material to even loop it into the button hole . 
These are fine looking pants . 
They would be great , but I don't think getting a larger size would help . 
Great pair of Khaki's I'm going to order additional pairs . 
They're fine for what they are . 
It was my first experience with this seller . 
I got pants on time , fit as expected , quality very good - to sum it all up I can give my full recommendation . 
He lives in a different state , so I haven't seen them myself , but he says he absolutely loves the way they fit , the way they feel , everything . 
Very difficult to buy pants without seeing them , these had very wide bottoms , like boot cuts ... Sorry I had to return them . 
They wrinkle , the material has an unusual feel to it . 
Not to mention that the size was a bit large . 
It is wrinkle and stain resistant which is nice and we decided it was worth keeping . 
Very good buy for the money , they always seem to hold up well . 
Great price to ! . 
I have always purchased Lee Jeans only because they are the perfect fit for me . 
not baggy in the seat and at the thigh . 
I never purchase jeans that are baggy in the seat and legs , this makes one look fat or doesn't know how to purchase cloths . 
have always worn lee jeans for over 20 plus yrs . 
The lady said she couldn't take then in anymore or the pockets would be together . 
Good for " jean day " at the office while still looking good . 
These jeans fit great . 
As a 6 ' 1 ' ' and 250 Ib this size fit me very well and the color was excellent though I thought it will be lighter but it is very good , and also the price , I remember last time I wear Lee Jeans It was really very long time , may be more than 30 Years and I was teen age and my Dad was working in Saudi Arabia and it was available there that time and I Used to wear size 36 but now with getting old as you see increasing two sizes , I will decrease my weight I hope . 
Great fitting Lee Jeans at a great price from Amazon . 
This size fits great ! 
Recommend 2 sizes larger if you order . 
Hope this helps . 
So going a size up can't hurt but your size should still fit even if a bit tight.Jeans look great ! 
I bought these for my son as a gift for Christmas . 
I have seen them on and they look well on him . 
They give you a more room in the crotch and ride on your waste , not your hips . 
I highly recommend them if these are features you like . 
This is not the first time I but these jeans . 
The thing is the seat fit nicely and was not draggy . 
We are happy . 
And the Thunder color is a most attractive shade of gray . 
I'm happy . 
I am pleased with the way they fit and look . 
So very comfortable fitting . 
One of the best pair of jeans I have ever owned . 
Just so solid . 
The material is as expected and the relaxed fit is comfortable . 
They are the same Lees as always . 
With purchasing them online I got the size I wanted.From now on I will purchase my Lee jeans from Amazon . 
The pricing is great and the sizes and colors are available . 
Free shipping with Amazon Prime is also a great feature . 
Lee jeans have always fit me well , so I search them out when in the market for my next pair . 
good pair of jeans if you i like the tapered leg this pair of jeans is for you I like them 
I'm a small , " wiry " woman whose lifestyle depends on well fitting , hardy jeans . 
These men's jeans fit me best and wear well , and the options for different colors and different weights are another plus . 
I bought two pair of these jeans about 5 years ago at a large retail store and absolutely loved the fit and quality . 
They fit well , land higher up on the waist like I prefer and are quite comfortable . 
I've worn both Lee's and Levi's all my life and although I've seen some reduction in value to both brands at times , these are just great . 
Highly recommended . - - - Ah me ... after I wore the black jeans for a while I liked them so much I also got the blue . 
I loved the material but the jeans was big around the waist which I could live with but much too large at the hips . 
But they were also tight in the waist . 
She said they are very comfortable . 
Oh well . 
Lee is the best though--just have to watch your colors . 
The 33x30 fitted perfectly . 
This one and the second last one came somewhat small on waist size . 
My advice : Becarefull because these pants are not somewhat larger anymore . 
Great jeans , perfect fit and plenty of pockets and places to carry my glass case . 
Very durable and sharp looking . 
That's not a defect in these pants , of course , so it's still a 5 * score from me . 
the design is good but it is one size bigger than normal size . 
I have to wait for someone fromThailand carry back to USA for return . 
these jeans are on the thin side material wise . 
the color faded pretty quick but a nice looking pair of jeans 
I have had the same jeans for about 15 years , and my wife finally talked me in to buying a new pair . 
These jeans are very comfortable , and they seem to be made well . 
This is my 3rd pair of Sperry Top-siders . 
My previous pair lasted for over 12 years and I LOVED them . 
What a pair of great shoes . 
I love these shoes . 
Since Sperrys are so comfortable and have so much support , I figured getting him a pair of Sperrys " masked " as a traditional loafer would be a great gift solution . 
My dad loved them . 
They are very nice quality . 
All around very happy with this product and Amazon ! 
The old ones are still in great shape , still look good , but I didn't want to chance a problem . 
Bought the 9-1 / 2 regular width . 
Slipped them on ... a little snug , wondered if I'd make it through the work day , considered bringing my broken-in pair just in case . 
Well , by the middle of the first day , the new ones had broken in and fit perfectly . 
and they look great . 
I order these as a gift for a friend . 
Great fit , out of all the boat shoes I have worn sperry offers the best sock free comfort and fit . 
My right foot was just a shade over 10.5 D , and the left was l little smaller than 10.5 D , so I ordered my topsider in 11D and they fit perfectly , with just a bit of extra room at the toe which is the correct fit for any shoe . 
I'm pleased . 
Nice to be back in a pair of sperry's . 
My last pair lasted me two or three years , and I really abused those things . 
I have been really happy with this purchase ! 
I love this shoes . 
These shoes are good quality and very smooth ride 
I had to return the shoes although I really like it alot . 
They came in a nice wide width so they fit him comfortably . 
Love the style and the color . 
Package arrived in great shape . 
Love them ... don't want to take them off ... may need to order a couple more . 
They are still holding up as like new minus your normal scuffs . 
They are great for your wardrobe because beige , navy , and light red giving you some options to pair to your outfit . 
Highly recommend them ! 
The price for these are amazing and they are exactly the same as store bought ones . 
They do not different from the pair you can get from the Sperry website and you can get them cheaper here . 
On the second to last night I tripped and got a slight scuff on one , but it is not majorly noticeable . 
When Sperry goes on sale and I get those I am always happier . 
Great boat shoes . 
The shoes are well made and fit comfortably , with minimal break-in time . 
Loved these shoes . 
Great slip on shoes and a good look ! 
He just loves them and is so pleased that I have found them in a wider fit . 
The material is of good quality , great for guys like my husband who is " hard " on clothes ; the jeans are well-sewn , and I like the indigo color . 
Unfortunately it doesn't always work that way . 
We both love the double fabric on the knees to help his pants last longer while he's working around his cars , the house , and the farm . 
This is just the medium wt . , but it is the warmest , thickest sweatshirt ever . 
I'd highly recommend this to anyone who wears lot of sweatshirts . 
its a great sweatshirt ! ! 
the color ( black ) is nice so is the texture . 
Its definitely warm and heavyweight . 
But anyway , it's close enough , so I'm keeping it . 
The hoody was very good quality , thick , soft and warm . 
We love it . 
My son is 6 ' 3 " - 6 " 4 " an weighs about 250 . 
We got the Men's large tall for him . 
It fits perfectly . 
We have washed and dried it numerous times . 
It's good quality , heavier than the ones you find at walmart . 
All in all , a great purchase ! 
Bought these for my son as a gift . 
He wears them for work and loves them . 
They clean well too . 
These have been really great work pants for me . 
Through rough winters outside ... and comfortable fabric . 
Very reliable and tough . 
Only ever ripped by ankles ... and honestly probably due to a lot of salt getting into the fabric from outside . 
I have always been a fan of the brand , every piece of clothing I have from them is worth it 
A great pair of riveted blue jeans for the traditionalist who does NOT want his new jeans already faded by stone washing and other " aging " techniques . 
These are nice heavy but not to stiff.They are a really dark blue when new and have lightened slightly after 3-4 washes.They fit my 13 yr old well and look good too . 
I have been buying Dickies for work for along time . 
Great productGreat qualityPerfect fitWas waiting for a lighter color as per the images shown in Amazon , they were darker than expected . 
The ones I have had lately don't fit anymore and are tearing up . 
we love the pants they fit very good an they were as expected we recommended they are good quality pants 
I bought these for my 13 year old son , and he loves them . 
! after i received thethe jeans i told to my frends how nice they are , and my friends bought them too . 
I love these ! 
You will love these ! 
The material is very thick and rich feeling . 
I enjoy them very much , going to get the other color now ! 
Plus sized tights for the win ! 
I ordered these because I HATE when stockings ride down and give me that awkward tummy bulge . 
Be aware that they are a bit large and you may need to adjust once or twice throughout the night , but its really not that bad . 
Will be ordering more colors . 
these were perfect for my roaring 20s costume but they were too long . 
BUT these were amazing ! 
They go to my thighs and higher if I wanted to , and they are not too tight , so it is comfortable to wear . 
I got these in a medium because I figured the bow would make them tighter at the top than normal thigh high tights . 
They are still way too tight ! 
They are really cute and look exactly like the picture ( I got the black with black bows ) , but I just can't see ever wearing them because they are so tight and uncomfortable . 
These fit nicely and look great ! 
They are sexy and great for costumes or ' fun ' at home . 
Great price too . 
These thigh highs are for a courtesan costume of mine and look fabulous .. sexy and fun .. great fit and construction .. they look fabulous and I have everyone asking where they can get them .. 
I highly recommend . 
MY greatgrandson enjoyed this watch very much and it was just what I was looking for as a Christmas gift . 
Always have been a fan of " large faced " watches . 
Classic look . 
I use it for swimming and running . 
The lap function works great , when I remember to hit it . 
I often use it to record swimming lap splits , run splits , and / or total time . 
The only issue with the watch is me , I forget to hit the stop button on the chrono when I am done . 
The strap has held up fine and it is my everyday / casual watch as well . 
I have worn it in the ocean for general swimming and body boarding . 
This is an excellent watch overall and I give it 5/5 stars . 
Although the price is a touch high compared to Casio models , it works well and seems to be pretty tough . 
In general , I prefer Casio , but I do like the large display and durability this Timex Ironman offers . 
This is nice , since I'm not a huge fan of the typical rubber bands on most digitalis . 
Anyway , it's solid and works well . 
They were comfortable right out of the box . 
They seem to be well constructed .. For my purpose needed more arch support so added an insert and now shoes are perfect.My second pair of ECCO shoes and very pleased with both pair . 
I choose this shoes becuase since I was a child they were on popular and they still . 
My son love them they are very comfortable and the advices about they were a little bit bigger help me when choosing the size . 
My daughters are young and into soccer and this is what they want for christmas , so santa go tit for her , she wears them everywhere . 
I always love Birkenstock leather sandals because they are comfortable for hours on end . 
I paid only $ 50 for them so they were a great deal . 
I've always loved Birkenstocks , and they will always be my favorite sandals . 
Dogs love these.Just don't get the denim ones . 
At first they were a bit hard and uncomfortable . 
The first pair ( 40M ) came and it was huge , this pair fit her perfectly and I have to say she LOVES these shoes . 
They slip on and off , they are super comfortable and they are holding up very well . 
I've had these quite some time , they are still comfy . 
Easy to slip on and nice to walk in . 
I forget I have them on my feet . 
Love these sandals , the fit true to size . 
I'm sure there must be some way to prevent / clean . 
These do a pretty darn good job of supporting your feet every which way possible . 
Birkenstocks are well worth the money spent , and Amazon offers them at a discounted price . 
Unfortunately , the first pair I received was damaged . 
I received the new pair within a few days , and then I shipped the first pair back using the supplied shipping labels . 
I also received a confirmation email when Amazon received the return , and therefore I am pleased with the outcome . 
I love the quality of this sandal , and the comfort of the foot pad , but I am tripping over my feet because the right size is too large . 
These are excellent provided the elevated parts of the sole properly line up with your foot . 
Birkenstocks can actually look , gasp , chic , but you have some cardinal rules to follow : 1 ) Only black or white smooth leather , sorry suede is too crunchy 2 ) Order a size smaller than your normal European sizing , I wear a 37 ( 6.5 ) usually , but I wear 36 in Arizona's ( had to return the 37s I purchased ! 
These were recommended by my physical therapist after I had my foot reconstructed . 
He loves the comfort of Birks and wears them until we have to get them repaired . 
This color is a nice neutral Taupe . 
I love them and so does he ! 
What is a problem is that the top part of the shoe collapses when not being worn-not always , but often . 
Nice foot bed , and great support . 
Shipping was timely and would do business again . 
They fit pretty true to size and highly recommend anyone thinking about purchasing a pair , do so , you will not be dissapointed . 
So I had to send the first pair back . 
I am almost certain that these are going to turn my feet black after lots of use . 
Smartwool is the BEST . 
These socks are comfortable regardless of the temperature outside . 
They will always dry overnight unless it is very warm and humid . 
I also wore thick wool socks when I used to work outdoors in Northern Wisconsin during their winters . 
I tried them on a trip to Paris France recently and I compared them to my standard cotton socks and also to synthetic sports socks.They are well cushioned and relatively thick . 
The smart wool socks exceeded the synthetic sports socks and my regular cotton socks in every category . 
I can honestly say that these make great travel socks , you can take a couple pairs and wash them in the sinks when they get dirty and they dry overnight . 
I had no blisters and they are warm when wet . 
Durable also . 
very comfortable and fits well 
Love these warm socks . 
Great as a base layer inside my fleece lined Wellie Boots . 
I am enjoying these socks . 
They are nice and warm without the uncomfortable bulk that many wool socks add . 
The pattern is attractive . 
I bought a pair of Minnetonka's Kilty Suedes in a different color and I absolutely adore them . 
They look good , feel fantastic , and wear like iron . 
I loved the shoe , but it was to big and wide for my foot . 
Love the color and feel . 
I had a pair when I was younger and lived in them . 
So we both win . 
I ABSOLUTELY love these shoes . 
Never had a pair of Minnetonka , so these were my first and I love them . 
They're so comfortable . 
I was excited to try out these cute moccasins , as I was happy with the other styles of Minnetoka's I have owned in the past . 
I am usually able to get my size without issue , but these were way too big . 
I have never bought this brand of shoe before , so this just may be how they are sized . 
easy to use , should last for years . 
love it ! 
Take this in account when measuring your waist . 
It was good for my costume , but I'm an adult woman ( small hands , but still , adult hands ) and the fingers are long even for me . 
I have another pair of UGG boots and love them . 
The inside was plush and warm without socks on but I tend to wear socks so it was impossible to get my foot into the slipper with any socks on--even thin ones . 
I bought these as a gift and she loves them . 
I absolutely love my UGG bedroom shoes . 
We have a wrap around deck and porch so I'm constantly going outside with these shoes . 
Plus , I even walk out in the yard with our dogs . 
They keep my feet so warm and toasty . 
I love these ugg slippers ! 
Any ugg is wonderful and these will not disappoint . 
Just love them ! 
This is my 5th or 6th pair . 
One pair is the terry . 
I prefer these over bigger heaavirr ones where my feet sweat . 
I bought a pair of these a number of years ago . 
They take up practically no space in your suitcase and I wore them around hotel rooms , stepping outside for a bit . 
Extremely comfortable . 
Here they are and I am ordering a new pair . 
They are a pretty satin finish and very comfortable . 
Highly recommend as this was an excellent buying experience . 
I of course have a pair at home but keep a pair in my suitcase so they stay fairly new and cushy . 
Oh yeah they also look great ! 
These slippers were great for Grandma . 
She loved the style , easy of wear and quality . 
Color was practical . 
They are comfortable and look nice . 
I put them in the washing machine and dryer and they come out fine . 
And they keep your feet from the chill of the floor . 
Fit beautifully , shipped as expected . 
These are very comfortable around the house and are cute as well . 
I forget I have them on because they are so light . 
They seem durable for such a light and comfortable slipper and I really love them . 
I like how light and comfortable they feel . 
These fit very well , not too big or too small , and they are VERY comfortable ! 
Love the pretty ivory color as well ! 
I have had these for about 6 months , and they are holding up beautifully ! 
I throw them in the washer and dryer , and they are good as new ! 
These don't look too frumpy / old-ladyish as far as slippers go . 
i did not heed the reviews i read because my feet are so small , but i should have . 
My house has mostly hardwood floors that are colddddd , so these are great . 
They're washable ( have thrown in the wash and come out perfect ) . 
Love em . 
These were the first ballerina slippers I was able to find that fit me . 
They are good quality , nice looking , and are comfortable . 
I am very happy with them . 
Otherwise , they were pretty comfortable . 
Loved the white satin . 
They fit snugly , but very comfortably . 
They have lovely leather soles and are lightly padded inside with a terry lining . 
LOVE these . 
Comfortable and keep my feet warm , not too warm . 
I'm an 8.5 and the size large fits perfectly . 
I love these slippers . 
I love these slippers because they are light weight and comfortable . 
They pack easily when traveling . 
I don't especially like the logo on the pocket but I can and will certainly live with it . 
I wouldn't hesitate to buy this same shirt in different colors . 
I am 6 ' 3 " and weigh 195 this shirt is an XL . 
The shirt fits great and looks good . 
I really like the blue color of the garment , a very nice shade . 
Couldn't be more pleased with this purchase . 
They wash well and are a nice cotton weight . 
These shirts are great and come in tall ! 
Nice style and quality . 
Will definitely buy more . 
I got this in medium , and it was very big on me . 
Love the nice heavy fabric , so ai kept it but am ordering a small also . 
I still wear it ; it's not " uncomfortable " per se , just less comfortable than any other Henley I've ever worn . 
great work shirt 
Soft material , sturdy seams , true to size comfortable ... enough room to move freely but not enough space for sag and bag ... son liked it as a birthday present . 
This is definitely good quality . 
It is thick , warm and fits him well . 
It is nice to be able to order online to get the size that you need without having to search around or settle for a color because they don't have it in the size you need . 
This is a good all-purpose hoodie that is comfortable and warm , but not too warm . 
It's sized for men , so the shoulders are huge and the bottom band is tight , but I should've thought of that before I bought it . 
It's good for working in the yard on cool days and it was a decent price . 
nice outfit for me can wear and l love it so much and nice colour again and doesnt shrink when you wash it especially here in stan 
This was a gift for my husband who has 2 other windshirts in black . 
I don't get it - the suade like material looks very nice , but the wind breaker ( shiny ) material is on the inside . 
That needed to be put on the outside . 
It's thick , the suade part , but the shiny inner makes it cold . 
Bought 2 and so far only got one , fits good . 
Wasn't sure what it was at first , it was rolled up in a ball and wrapped in package . 
It turns out to be a great golf shirt - especially for the price . 
nothing fancy just a cheap hoodie to keep me warm while walking the dogs . 
They are not your fancy style hoodies so keep that in mind if you plan on going out on the town with these . 
I purchased to of these for work in two different colors in a size large . 
They both fit as they should , true to size . I'm stocky and usually have a hard time buying sweaters because if I get a large it fits great and then I wash it and then I look like a sausage ... Or I buy an extra large and then I wash it and length wise it's too big . 
I could have ordered my usual size - medium , but the large is fine . 
The color is so fantastic and this hoodie is really warm . 
great 
It is for adults so I received an adult large . 
I kept it for myself , as the color is fabulous and just tie it in the back with a ponytail . 
Did not shrink and the color stays true . 
Although I really prefer all cotton , this serves for everyday and it is really nice that it does not shrink UP and stays long enough . 
warm and soft . 
The color material and workmanship are good quality . 
As everything is these days , the price factor is an important element in the value of things 
nice feel , fits well , has not faded , is cotton , best of all , under 20 $ US . 
These fruit of the loom shirts are average thickness but very comfortable . 
very happy ! 
it's nice to make him happy . 
I am not big fan of the fabric though . 
Not amazing as other fruit loom products . 
I loved the color and generous size of this shirt . 
A little thinner than expected but over all comfortable . 
Very happy with the price and quality of this product , definitively will buy more of this brand , fits as expected and very comfortable 
This shirt is a gift for my dad and this lovely . 
This is a good long-sleeve white t-shirt that can be worn without an undershirt if need to . 
They look great and are very comfy ! 
I got a medium , should have got a large , fits a little snug , but still wearable , I live in a very hot climae , and like my arms covered , and this is light weight enough for summer heat . 
A great t to go with my summery Azules maxi skirt . 
Beautiful color and washed up well . 
nice comfortable fit . 
Bought one in each color . 
A tiny bit snug though , but alright . 
Nice color , a navy blue . 
They are very comfortable and true to color . 
Material is light weight and easy to wash . 
My husband is very happy with these Polo shirts . 
It fits true to size , not too tight or too baggy . 
There are 3 reasons I buy a shirt , style , fit and color . 
This Polo shirt meet all my expectation of style , fit and color ! 
This is a good quality shirt and it fit as described in the recommended sizing chart . 
The color is a little subdued but OK when I don't want to be flashy 
Very nice , rich color and has washed and worn well , but it is thin ( good for summer ) , wrinkles easily and holds dog hair , lint , etc like a boss . 
My husband likes the color and is perfectly fine with the thinness , but he hates how easily it picks up our dog's fur . 
Great shirt , breathable material for the skin , plus after a wash , just hang dry , no need to iron - thank gawd ! 
Yeah a little thin , but for the price I would defiantly order more in the future . 
These will be the same brand I will order if and when I am able to down size each time hopefully in the not so far distant future ... 
I would recommend these shirts regardless of price also to anyone . 
These shirts are very soft and very comfortable . 
For the amount of money that they charge for this shirt , it is a steal . 
Great quality and fits perfectly . 
This shirt is a tad bit smaller than the label indicates . 
WITH AMAZON , MY MOM CAN SHOP FOR ME JUST AS IF SHE WERE AT A STORE BUT SHE CAN'T GO TO A STORE SO THIS ALLOWS HER TO BUY GIFTS FOR ME AND OTHERS THAT SHE WOULDN'T OTHERWISE BE ABLE TO BUY . 
IT LOOKS GOOD RIGHT OUT OF THE DRYER AND IS SOFT AND COMFORTABLE TO WEAR . 
WE LIVE IN A HIGH DESERT AREA AND THIS MATERIAL IS TO BE COMFORTABLE YEAR ROUND . 
THANKS AMAZON FOR MAKING IT EASY FOR MY MOM TO SHOP FOR ME AND THIS WAY SHE CAN LEAVE AN ITEM IN MY CART AND IF I DON'T REMOVE IT , SHE KNOWS I LIKE IT . 
IT'S A FOOLPROOF WAY OF GIVING . 
AMAZON IS DEFINITELY THE BEST WAY TO SHOP FOR OUR FAMILY AND THIS SHIRT WAS A GOOD GIFT THAT HASN'T FADED , STILL HAS THE SAME COLOR AS WHEN I FIRST GOT IT AND AS AN ASIDE , THE COLLAR ON THIS SHIRT DOESN'T ROLL LIKE SOME OF THE BRANDS OF POLO SHIRTS I'VE OWNED IN THE PAST . 
And that's where the pro's of this shirt end . I didn't expect a whole lot at this price , but I got hosed on this one . I will tell you that the material is woven so thinly that the shirt is very close to being transparent . 
THE SHIRT FITS VERY NICE . 
AND LAUNDRIES GREAT . 
ORDER SEVERAL OF THIS SHIRT FOR WORK , AND BOSS SAYS RIGHT COLOR AND STYLE . 
I have trouble finding shorts that fit and these fit I'm 36 inch waist . 
these size medium fit me other then length but that's more of personal preferences thing . 
Wonder why other brands like adidas , fila , and Wilson , come larger in waist although being L ( large ) . 
So I can't advice to get a larger or a smaller size than your actual size . 
My husband likes cotton shorts to run in , so these are great . 
They are comfortable and he likes the length . 
these are great for me . 
these have been great for that , and couldn't be happier 
It's a nice shirt , well made and fits perfectly . 
The color and material are really nice for the price ! 
It was exactly as I figured it would fit in reading other reviews and making sure I used the sizing chart . 
In fact , I wondered if medium would do . 
Quality was great . 
Rind a little big other than that a good work out TEE ... 
This is advertised as cotton , but it's actually half cotton and half polyester . 
It feels more like polyester to me , not like a natural fabric . 
In the Raglan Tee Shirt it was huge . 
Really , really comfortable . 
The color is what you see . 
but I am making it work ok 
I bought a bunch of these tops in white and different colors . 
The straps are wide enough to hide bra straps and don't gap under the arms . 
Fits great . 
Great for layering under a big shirt . 
Otherwise I love them and bought 6 in different colors 
Has two pockets . 
I love pockets on my sweats . 
Fabric is nice and soft - - helps keep me warm in cool bedroom on minus wind chill nights . 
Well , ok , so does the cat . 
Very comfortable and of good quality ... 
Good price and great fit , will order more . 
I got these for my husband , this winter . 
He needed something comfortable , because he broke his hip this year , and these are easy on and off , and they don't pill like most sweats . 
These are very well made and great value .. 
Remember these are mens sizes , not womens , but I like my sweats larger ... Love the pockets on the side . 
I am a small woman and ordered the small after washing they are still a little large on me . 
Will continue to keep them in my wardrobe . 
On closer inspection I see that all the stitching is cheaply done , you'd expect more quality for . 09 cents per / hr from a Honduran sweatshop.Hey Jerzee : bring the work back to the good ol ' USA ! ! 
The extra $ 1.50 in labor costs to the garment is worth it to have the quality back 
It took me about 2 or 3 hours to match these two up . 
They are an awesome set together and both of first line quality and workmanship . 
The Good : 1 . 
Not too shallow . 3 . 
The useless elastic in the waistband is useless 2 . 
If there were two separate strings I'd know what to do . 
Tie them together . 
Always before all the sweatpants I bought had pocket , but you have to make sure it says pocketed to get pockets . 
I love these ! ! 
I like these soft and lightweight jogging pants , they are very comfortable and at a great price . 
Got Deep Navy in XL.Nice thick material , goes through the wash without any strange shrinkage or color fade , looks good . I don't like the plastic laundry label sewed on the bottom hem , because I can feel it , hear it , and see it . A careful razor blade takes that off . 
I use to have some beefy T's back when they were better quality and the thickest / most comfortable cotton shirts I have ever worn . 
I will be ordering more of these.Fit is generous without being over-sized . - - Shoulder , seam to seam : 21.5 inches--Arm length ( across the top ): 7.75 inches--Length ( from top of the collar on the back ): 30.25 inchesThese are heavyweight fabric with a nice satiny finish . 
In all respects they appear to be very good quality . 
Note that Prime eligibility depends on color . 
Nice shirt . 
Maybe they will shrink when washed.Other than that , great product , great service . 
I'm pleased 
use these for work as they are durable and long lasting . 
they are safety color orange with a pocket built in 
For the price this is a great shirt . 
My husband needed some tshirts and Hanes has always been his favorite 
The quaility of the shirt is nice . 
Nice basic sweatshirt for knocking around in . 
Fit is great and shirt is comfortable . 
Price was a plus too . 
Happy 
For the price this is a great shirt . 
My husband needed some tshirts and Hanes has always been his favorite 
These are great for another layer of clothing . 
Will purchase more . 
as I said above , I'm 5 ' 5 " 180 lbs and this is slightly snug , but made very well . 
It's very comfortable . 
I had bought this to run in - in the extreme cold weather , but it's to nice for that . 
all Positive and i was pleased enough to buy a second garment in dark blue . 
My husband likes to keep warm in the winter , and this undershirt fits the bill . 
It is comfortable , and a good weight . 
Got this to use as a warm night shirt during the colder months . 
It's very comfortable , fits great and is warm without being hot . 
Very light weight and that will work for me . I'm usually a true XL ( sometimes even a L ) but order t-shirts a size larger because I hate a tight t-shirt . 
This fits as a full XXL . 
It will be a great knock around the house shirt . 
It may make it to the gym but not out in public . 
Columbia t-shirt is as would be expected , nice material and made well . 
nice price , good quality , fits nicely , I am a tall guy , slim , the extra large is perfect . 
highly recommend . 
This T-shirt is NOT flattering at all . 
It fits well . 
I love the style . 
Yes I fitted it on me and oh more comfort and soft I love it . 
It is very nice . 
I love the set-in seams . 
The only complain I had was in the length of the sleeves . 
I imagine the other light colors will be the same . 
Christmas gift for my mother in law . 
order a size larger than your actual shoe size otherwise they will be too small to fit over your shoe 
I purchased these items for 2 relatives and they were very pleased . 
We are keeping extra plactic bags stuffed in the boots for when they are needed . 
Will update once the rainy season comes in . 
I ordered a XXXL for my size 13 shoes . 
I requested to return the item to trademark via Amazon.com . 
Amazon sent the return request to trademark . 
I've been using a pair of rubber boots from L . L . 
I can't put my shoes inside , it's made for just feet . 
Amazons great ! 
I keep them in the car during winter for emergencies . 
They are quite large up and down in the front . 
They do a great job . 
The most comfortable I have ever purchased . 
These are great fitting undies . 
I love that there is 3 in a pack . 
The brief tore at the waist band after 2 wearings . 
Too pricey for one pair of briefs that tore . 
A bit roomy , but then so am I . lol Very good construction , feminine and wash in wash machine perfectly . 
Always loved Olga products for many years . 
This one fit the bill perfectly . 
It provides a lot of support for a strapless bra . 
Needed to be about 4 inches longer . 
Comfort is such a plus . 
This bra is well made , comfortable , supportive , and doesn't flatten your silhouette . 
My regular size slipped up on me , so a smaller size may be best . 
This may be a fluke , or perhaps it's me ... don't know . 
Wireless bras are never the best in this regard but you can do a lot better than this one . 
And to top it all off there is some really itchy stitching where the straps attach to the band in the back ( again unliked the wired version ) , so it is not even very comfortable . 
May not be the best quality pashmina I've ever seen but it's great for the price and will work very well for keeping covered and looking good on the cruise . 
Very happy with my purchase ! 
I don't use this ofter but the royal blue is bright , colorful and very pretty . 
The color was exactly as pictured , the shawl was very soft and fairly warm without being heavy , and decent quality . 
I was very pleased with this , and would and will buy these again as gifts for others . 
More importantly my husband's grandmother was delighted with the shawl and declared it ' very pretty ' , so if she's happy , I'm happy ! 
Feels very soft without being too light and the colour is beautiful . 
Will go with Jeansskirt , or can be used for going out on a special occasion . 
I washed it once and it was easy to wash and doesn't crease . 
I am happy with the quality and the Price aswell . 
I bought this for an evening wedding and it was perfect . 
I purchased this with the thought that it would be great for travel - can double as a light-weight " blanket " on the airplane and be a scarf or wrap when in cold hotel ballrooms . 
The product works perfectly for that . 
I absolutely love my shawls . 
I think this is the best bra I ever bought ! I have large breast and am pregnant at the moment . 
Love it ! 
Also , the jewels are tiny enough to place into an OWL ORIGAMI locket ... which is why I bought them . 
Beautiful , shiny , pretty colors ... well worth the $ even though that was a good price too ! 
Also , the stones come with a postcard that you can mail off for lifetime warranty . 
I love the Charming Charm Necklace . 
I love all of the charms you can choose to put in the necklace . 
I purchased this assortment of crystals as I knew it would give the necklace just the right pop of color . 
They were nice and cozy though . 
They are very durable and comfortable but I think the style just may have been a little big for my foot . 
Each pair lasts my husband for a couple of years and he wears them daily . 
This is a man that wears out a pair of motorcycle boots yearly ! 
I am a big fan of moccasins and these are just the latest pair that I have gotten . 
I have worn moccasins in one form or color or another since the late 1990 ' s when I was first introduced to them . 
This particular pair are super comfortable . 
Very nice shoe . 
I love it though . I highly recommend Jambu shoes . 
I've found that Jambu shoes , along with their related J - 41 brand , are the best for me . 
They're cute , and so very comfortable . 
He has suddenly been growing out of some items marked for 3 months , but these are still a nice fit & won't be tight for a while yet ! 
They wash well & he seems quite comfortable in them - I love the softness of the cotton . 
Very pleased ! 
Not sure if they will make it to his 9 mo mark . 
Overall quality is great though . 
The cotton is really soft and they wash well . 
Soft material is a plus.But compared to most baby clothes , these outfits are short and wide . 
But they are very wide , sleeves are bit , and the neckline is huge ! 
I don't know why I have so much trouble finding lightweight summer clothes ! On the plus side it is easy to get on and off . 
I bought this for my daughter to use under dresses or bodies , and they are well done , have nice fabric and are true to size 
Fits just a little small . 
My girl is long for her age . 
She fits comfortably in 6 month clothes from other brands but needs a 9 month size in these . 
Not a huge deal , just good to know . I originally bought these in 6 month size and was very pleased with how they washed & wore so bought the 9 month ones when she outgrew the 6 month size . 
My daughter is a somewhat chunky 11month old , she fits these in the 24 month size . 
The neck is HUGE and my twins seem to sport an 80s Flashdance look when they wear these--one shoulder is always bare . 
They are well made , 100 % cotton , very soft material and come in a set of 3 . 
Nice for a baby in Florida that needs to be comfortable in a natural cotton material in hot weather . 
Easy to change them . 
The medium is a bit tight but stretches so is not too uncomfortable . 
soft , very shiny and pretty satin looking and the pearls all seemed well attached not loose or falling off . 
Now I use them as slippers around the house . 
Not recommended . 
I have used this product for several trips now and am pleased with it . 
OK , it doesn't hold everything - I put my contact stuff in a separate bag . 
But here's what I've got in there : Waterproof larger side holds full sized toothpaste , toothbrush , and floss . 
Middle holds large daily pill container , full size deodorant , 3 large Go Toobs , bag of Q-tips , and small razor . 
One skinny zipped compartment holds two small Go Toobs and a small bottle of sunscreen . 
Other skinny zipped compartment holds two cosmetics tubes , and another small Go Toob . 
They don't show it well in the pictures , but one end can be expanded . 
I bought this for a two week trip , and it has to be the most convenient shower kit I have ever had . 
It held all my showering needs , plus makeup , toothbrush , toothpaste , etc . 
I love the plasic lined pocket to prevent any leaks from being spread outside the bag , or into other compartments . 
The hook is invaluable , as I hung it next to the bathroom mirror . 
As a bonus , the eggplant color is really cute ! 
We bought this for our 18 month old son and the costume was a hit . 
The lining on this jacket is much more comfortable against the skin too . 
I carry a concealed weapon and it helps hide any bulges nicely . 
Even when it's 70 + degrees it's not too uncomfortable to put on for the walk back to the car after work . 
I keep it in the back seat of my car so it's there when needed . 
You could easily use it as a golf jacket , but I don't since the sleeves are a wee bit short for that . 
But I have very long arms so it's common for me to deal with this problem , if you have more normal length arms , it would work well for this too . I like it so much I plan to get a second one of a different color . 
This is a nice lightweight jacket for spring and holds up in wind and light rain . 
It seems to run a bit small in length , so I bought in size large for my husband and it fits fine . 
He wears medium to large clothing . 
He's a 6 ' 1 bean pole . 
Jacket is very nice . 
Highly recommended . 
Bracelet is nice , though a little big on my small wrists . 
I do like the way it looks , however the clasp is very tough to open . 
Hopefully I'll get a lot of use out of it . 
great for men and women for any occasion ! 
Love the bag . 
I love , love , love this little purse and I am not a cross body purse kinda gal . 
Now my phone is safe and sound and goes with me everywhere and I never forget it . 
I use it all day every day and it works exactly as it was intended . 
I also keep my lip balm in it and some gum . 
I like little purses , but this may be too small . 
I love the baggallini line , this was just very small . 
Make sure you check the dimensions carefully . 
This is an adorable little purse . 
It has three zippered pocket areas and the main compartment is also divided in half . 
So it is easy to separate cash and credit cards from makeup and cell phone . 
After years of carrying larger bags to accommodate electronic devices , it is nice to get back to basics with a small , well-made little bag . 
I thought these were the cutest ever . 
My son love cowboy boy and I wanted to find him a good pair . 
These are great . 
The thick ankle line is nice too since my feet are wider in the front . 
I use Thorlo socks for exercising . 
Love them , want to buy more of the same 
That is , until I bought my first pair . 
Within days I ordered seven more because they are , by far , the most comfortable socks I've ever worn . 
Thorlo's web site will send you a pair to try for $ 6 shipping , so that's a great way to experience the socks for the first time at minimal cost . 
They do add some extra cushioning during the walk and keep my feet dry but because they are thick , make my shoes feel tight . 
I've always liked Thorlo socks and their strategic placement of padding and " vents " . 
They keep my feet comfortable and unlike my recent experience with " Smart Wool " they do not hold water when wet . 
This is the most comfortable hiking sock I've bought in a while . 
They have the cushion of a wool sock without the weight and the heat.They grip your feet and don't move about . 
Absolutely the best socks . 
So comfortable . 
I've worn them hiking in the Northwest and on a trip to the African Serengeti . 
Bought one pair 7-9 size , I'm 8.5 . 
Great cushioning . 
The fabric is comfortable and great if you need to keep our feet warm . 
I work part of my day in a cold warehouse so I need heavy socks to keep my feet warm . 
I also needed warm socks that would allow my foot to fit comfortably within my sneaker . 
Very comfortable with my Asics for long walks . 
But having said that , I trust Thorlo to keep coming out with new designs that are just as great . 
I ordered my best beloved another pair just yesterday . 
( I married a Sasquatch ! ? ! 
) , so regular knit socks A ) are NEVER big enough ( he wears size 13 shoes ) and B ) leave painful marks on his calves . 
These are also warm ( he's recently worked outdoors a lot in Ohio ) . 
Will update if something awful suddenly happens with the socks - like if they fall apart in the wash , or hubby is now able to more speedily run off with a super model . 
The tall height is great for my jump boots . 
The material is very thick in certain areas and too thin in others . 
I've been wearing them for over 15 years for tennis and all of my work-out activities . 
Comfortable wearing boot socks . 
Love that they don't sag down my boots . 
Fits fine . 
May get more at later date . 
Socks are a great material , comfortable , and do help when you are doing a considerable amount of walking . 
So we purchased a wide variety of socks , the sport socks were Thorlo's , which are still going strong ! 
We will wait and see if these have the longevity of the sport socks . 
I love these socks . 
They have extra cushion just where I need it . 
They fit perfect with no folds or wrinkles and wash great . 
I got several pairs so I can always keep a pair handy for my daily walks . 
Nice fit , great feel . 
Great socks . 
These are a nice enough sock , but nothing special . 
Always buy these for my husband ... thick and comfortable . 
Comfortable for everyday . 
Wears and cleans well . 
Bought these for my wife ( 3rd pair ) . 
These are so comfortable that a crowbar may be required to pry my wife out of these socks . 
They fit perfectly , providing great cushioning , conform well to each foot , and provide the padding needed to walk at an exercise pace . 
Great socks - as usual , Thorlo gives the competition a good socking . 
I love the cushions for the top of your foot and your heel . 
Absolute dreamy comfort . 
She said they do as advertised ( i . e . 
walk very comfortably ) , but they're only decent for other activities ( e . g . 
These socks are a little bit too warm for the summer time walking but they do provide a good cushion on both the top and bottom of the foot . 
SO comfortable . 
I absolutely love them . 
Highly recommended . 
I am not used to spending this much on one pair if socks . 
But for certain shoes I have these are perfect . 
They are very comfortable and nicely cushioned . 
- - If they last a day or 2 I'll be shocked . 
I love this durable canvas tote . 
Sewn strong . 
Great straps . 
Washes well in cold water . 
I receive so many nice compliments too . 
I bought this bag for work , I'm an ER nurse and needed a sturdy , spacious , good looking bag . 
I received it today , and it is really nice and roomy ! 
Has a snap closure and a zipper pocket inside the bag . 
But thats ok - It folds for storage - colorful & crafted to last - Budget friendly - Would make a wonderful baby shower gift - keep one hanging inside granchildrens closet door for extra storage or soiled clothing - One in my car for stuffing everything from wet bathing suites to towels - throwing all in wash - Will mildew if left wet-Budget friendly - many uses - - 
This tote bag was much larger than I expected it to be . 
It is unconstructed and very " floppy " . 
I will not use it for everyday ... maybe for traveling . 
Not very pleasing to the eye . 
Also , no closure at top made it unsafe to use as a carry on that may have to be stowed under a seat or above in plane . 
Being a short woman with small hands and wrists , I was happy to find this product . 
But again happy with price and quality of the watch itself . 
... for niece and she loved it . 
Nice boots , somewhat wide , but 2E , so i knew they were wide .. comfortable , light , and good quality . 
I've used Bates boots for the past 12 years . 
The boots shine up well and last about 2 years with constant use . 
quality made boots for a great price . 
classic style and easy to put on baby . 
i definitely recommend this product to everyone . 
I have some serious pain in my right foot , on the bottom . 
He recommended getting a high-top boot or shoe and using that to keep the ankle from moving laterally . 
Finally after a couple days of reading reviews and specs , I settled on the Bates 5 " sport boot . 
They fit just right , and best of all when laced up properly , practically eliminated the pain in my foot . 
I just put old SAS insoles into them for extra comfort , and I can wear them all day and be happy . 
Well worth the money . 
My only complaint is I wish the last two holes both had the speed hook as the second hole does , but not the last . 
But other than that , the boot feels great and I love the light weight.WM 
This metal casing will work well with my Hijinx and Split Jacket ! 
Love this scarf . 
Dried nicely to wear again . 
He has smaller wrist and this fits perfectly . 
Watch lovers will take notice . 
And it speaks success . 
this is just what I expected and needed . 
I ordered 3 different ones semilar to this and I like them all . 
They will do just what I want them to do - keep my money , credit cards and passport close and safe . 
It's certainly a nice quality shirt for the price ! 
I have had this bag for over 2 years now and it has traveled quite a bit and is still in great shape . 
Plus , you can store extra things inside the seat and since you don't have to pay to check a car seat , it is pretty helpful . 
We have 2 of these bags and have had them for about 3 years now . 
They are nicely padded as compared to other car seat travel bags . 
One bag will hold both the infant seat and the car seat base ( Graco Snug ride ) OR a larger toddler forward facing car seat ( we have Alpha Omega Elite seats ) . 
There is also room to pack extra items like diapers or jackets in the car seat part which gives you extra storage . 
The bag will accommodate the height and width of most seats but may not have a lot of extra space to spare on the sides of the bag . 
Works fine if you only have to transport one car seat . 
Happy travels . 
We used this for our Britax Marathon convertible car seat and it fit perfectly . 
We didn't use the backpack feature because we checked the bag ( usually for free depending on the airline ) . 
But the car seat and the bag were both in great condition after our four flights . 
So , money well spent :) 
The golf-style grip allows for a secure grip , and the handle and horn are made of quality metal . 
Still , a decent product . 
the last couple years I have been searching for thick , high quality , all cotton thermals to keep my hubby warm , and with no luck until now ! 
But they are so worn , with holes in the elbows of the top , I'm so glad I found these on Amazon . 
I will definitely order more in the future ! 
Stitching looks really solid so I'm not surprised they've held up so well . 
Excellant value , warm , thick and cozy . 
Nice feel and well made . 
Its nice to just take off the whole panty that is soiled from fluids , etc . 
Especially if you have visitors coming to help with laundry after baby is born.FYI , I ended up having a c-section , so there were sutures placed right at the panty line . 
I didn't wear them right away because I didn't want to put pressure there , but 2 weeks post and I still like them they are not uncomfortable at all and the healing process is going very well.Also they are breathable so no material that promotes yeast infections ( e . g . 
polyester ) Highly recommended 
These sweatshirts stand the test of his profession as well as very frequent washings . 
They are warm , have a great fit , and are easy for him to work in . 
The first Carhartt sweatshirt we bought several years ago is still going strong while the other sweatshirts are full of holes , have broken zippers , or shrank too much . 
Amazon has the best price especially coupled with the 20 % coupon I received off apparel at the time ! 
Washes and dries great . 
Plan to be another in different color . 
A bit too small . 
As expected and I am very happy with the quality of these jeans . 
Recommended highly 
This pair is perfect . 
Fits great and looks great . 
I am very happy with them and will order more when I need them 
They look nice , I'm glad I got them . 
Feel nice too . 
Something you put on to work in , and not worry about it holding up to tough use . 
Other than that great service and great brand ! 
easily accesable phone pocket is the best feature of these jeans and they are durable 
You can also feel the durability emanating from this . 
These jeans are very nice and fit perfectly . 
I've owned these since Nov of 2012 and there is not a fay and they have not faded a bit despite the fact that I wear them a lot and they get put though the wash frequently . 
The denim is nice and soft making them very comfortable . 
These jeans fit well and look great on his skinny little but 
So if you are a natural 34x32 plus a big beer gut then these are for you . 
bought 2 pair of these while they were on sale for hubby . 
the price made them an absolute steal . 
I'm becoming a bid fan of Dickies clothes . 
Very happy with what we have purchased . 
Fabric is a bit rough , but other than that , nice pants for outdoors 
These are true to size . 
As any Dickies clothing , the material itself is very durable . 
Great for construction work , yard work , any laborious task , and great for the active teenage boy . 
very nice this was a gift that was sent to another house it arived on time and was very nicwe 
This is my second round of jean buying .. 
I first bought three from a different vendor . 
Yes , try a pair and you will agree with me ! ! 
I bought them for a gift and they are nice thick and they fit perfect 
These are a great value , very warm and a nice heavy weight . 
Don't forget the bottoms . 
They are great too . 
It works fine . 
Got soaked in sweat from being used in the Philippines but otherwise the quality is good . 
Great hoodie . 
colors nice , fits a little large so if there's any shrinkage when washed I won't mind . 
Now it's warm under a windbreaker for snowblowing and shoveling . 
I worry about the size being correct when ordering online , but it was true to size . 
I was able to secure this one while it was the daily deal . 
Note that it WILL leave fuzz balls on some of your clothes ( but not all ) , like any other hoodie I've ever had.The quality is undeniable - it's nice and thick and very well made . 
The zipper is easy to use and zips perfectly every time . 
This is the best quality halloween costume I've seen . 
I love it ! 
This is a nice value , and well made . 
It is easy to read and the luminosity is good . 
The watch is standard thickness , and thinner than an automatic as this uses a battery . 
The size is right where I like , at 39-40 mm and this watch is on the larger end of that scale , and compared to other watches , seems bigger for my small wrists ( 7.25 inches ) . 
There is an indent in the face that is not clear in the pictures so was a little surprised . 
My search for the perfect replacement Water resistant watch continues . 
As it does not meet any of that criteria , I only feel it is 3 stars . 
I love these pants .. 
I love the zipper fatigues better than the button ones .. .. these pants are stylish and fit so nice . 
Couldn't find these for women so I needed XL to be able to move hips freely but had to take them in and shorten them a lot ... and they still make me feel like an elephant . 
I wish they'd make BDUs in a flexible ripstop material with comfortable elastic waists and in women's sizes . 
Many pockets make these essential " battle " gear . 
These would go well with a combat windbreaker and black cotton athletic shirt or tee shirt with mandatory black boots and black cap . 
Very nice lightweight bdu pant . 
Very nice 
Ordered a half-size larger that normal because boots sometime run small , but , these are absurd . 
It was reasonably priced as well as meets my needs for when I go on the road to give presentations . 
This is a bra I could wear all day , but it isn't as supportive as some of the reviews have led me to believe . 
I'm a busty lady , and this just doesn't do it . 
I hate an under wire but I need support and this bra provides great support without an under wire . 
I did exactly as others have recommended and I ordered a larger size and they fit like a dream . 
My first pair I now use for running around doing errands because after four years of zumba they split on the mesh sides . 
They are light , flexible and stable on a wooden dance floor . 
I can glide , jump and stomp in them . 
Love my ZUMBA ! ! ! 
I bought this shoe in a 91/2 and it fits perfectly . 
This shoe provides the perfect traction as it lets me twirl around on the dance floor with ease , but not slide out of control . 
They work well on both wood , tile , and concrete floors - no sticking or binding to the floor when I twist or turn - has helped my knees immensely - they are much lighter than any of the shoes I used and for dancing 2 1/2 hours the lightness makes a difference . 
' I am very pleased with them - they had made a big difference in my dance comfort . 
( square dancing ) - totally recommended . 
With IPhones , car keys , glasses , sunglasses , etc . 
It is hard to leave all that on your beach chair while you take a walk on the beach . 
This fanny pack is perfect allowing you to still get that tan while walking ! 
Also great for flea markets , travel , anywhere you don't want to lug a purse and be hands free.Plenty of room for your usual purse items . 
I have still worn them plenty , and they have stayed silver , so that is nice . 
Also , they don't irritate my ears , like many other cheap earrings . 
Cute little tiny dainty small studs . 
They are very nice and very small . 
One of my co-workers even had to get a pair for herself after seeing them ! 
They are very small - but it's pretty great . 
I rarely take them off ! 
I got these to wear in my second piercing based on the reviews of people saying how small they were . 
I think they'd be great for either piercing though , not too small not too large , they're just right . 
I have a much larger pair but wanted something smaller for everyday use . 
They are small but still not too small . 
I have extra holes in one ear and for my professional job , I don't want to put anything flashy in those holes . 
They are the size of a small pea and they decorate my ear in a dainty , feminine way , showing a bit of style and personality . 
I can still change my bottom holes on a daily basis depending on what I am wearing . 
Exactly as pictured , exadtly as needed . 
They are nice and small and look great in your ear . 
He is very critical about shoes , so I was concerned . 
This is my second pair ... worn them completely out . 
I favor them even over the higher dollar Bates boots . 
I am happy with the double pack so far . 
I definitely have to have this brand for my husbands work clothes . 
Although these were a great price too . 
I slid the seam under her toes and she seems fairly satisfied so we'll see how it goes.On a sizing note , my daughter is slim , 34 pounds , and 3 months shy of her 4th birthday . 
Perfect for my daughters first ballet and dance classes . 
The quality is amazing and material will hold up for a several years ! 
Love it and shipped great ! 
Love these pants . 
I like the tape pad it prevents wear for myself as I always carry one . 
It looks great the first wear , but as the day progresses or you wear it 2 days , it looks wrinkled and worn and loses the pressed look . A good pant but not as nice a look throughout the day as a pair of Dockers or Chinos . 
Even though teaching is my profession and I work indoors , I need a pair of tough pants . 
I am a physically larger person and I need pants that fit me well . 
These pants fit perfectly . 
Further , the rear pockets are large enough to fit my larger wallet with room to spare . 
There is also a watch pocket on the right side and side pockets for small tools.We have zero degree weather now and I was snowblowing before I went to work . 
Also , I am involved in many projects at home and work . 
I can tell that these pants will be up to the task and won't split and tear in the crotch area or on the side where pants always come apart . 
The seamstress in town isn't going to see me as much anymore . I wonder why I didn't choose these pants sooner . 
This is my second pair of Riggs Workwear Jeans within the last year . 
Hopefully , the first pair were part of a bad batch . 
Really comfortable , durable , nice looking pants . 
Love ' em . 
The Riggs line of pants by Wrangler is great and I have worn them for years . 
I absolutely love the Riggs line of pants by Wrangler , they just look and feel great . 
I'm not sure if they live up to all the durability hype , but they are certainly good solid performers , and they look great at the same time . 
liked the fit and look 
The distance from crotch to top is to much for my style . 
Maybe if I cook these babies in very hot water and bake dry in the dryer on high.Update 2 July , 2014 : Have to admit after working in the woods for over a month this fabric was fantastic for briars and thorny brush not to mention insect and minor snake confrontations . 
They work perfect for brush , woods and jungle applications . 
The pockets are fine and wish a way for a machete was there to attach to a leg . 
They should age very well . 
Fit is great , good and thick cloth . 
Bought them for my son and they fit him well , so pretty true to size . 
I wouldn't criticise anything , l should really know what fits me but from experience the cuts of manufacturers are always different , even though this item is a little big , am happy with . 
They run true to size , and the fabric is very strong , yet not too strong as to be uncomfortable . 
I bought two pairs for him one brown and the other beige . 
The detailing with the leather on the front pocket to hold a measuring tape and the hammer holder he used right away . 
Great pants overall though . 
the material and pockets and design is excellent and strong . 
I give the screw-up a bit of a discount on that rating.Past that ( and Amazon was awesome about helping ) , the pants are solid . 
Crouching and moving around is comfortable . 
That's who these are designed for , not the other 95 , at least the pair they shipped to me . 
The other design problem is the huge " rise " . 
For me to get the crotch up to the right place , the waist was 2 " above my belly button . 
These jeans fit and look great . 
My husband was having problems finding a good pair of shorts and pants that were big & tall and would not fall apart fast . 
He tried the Riggs brand shorts first and loved them so much I decided to get him a pair of the Riggs pants for Christmas . 
They fit him perfectly and they hold up well . 
Before we found Riggs he was going through shorts and pants so fast because they were tearing or holes would develop . 
This shoe runs small , order one size larger than normal ... my size 5 friend order the 6 and it just fits ! 
nice outfit for my girl she can wear it in the lounge and she loves it so much and nice colour again and doesnt shrink when you wash it 
Color was on point and size was correct . 
I figured it wasn't going to stay on that long anyways , and it didn't ! 
I bought for my wife what I love about it how she looks in it but the fabric is so soft I love the ruffle deatil 
I bought these for him at Christmas and here it is May and he still wears them . 
They fit well , he has very short legs , and always says they do the job of keeping him warm . 
He's always been a Wrangler man so I am glad these work for him . 
Sturdy and a nice fit . 
Looks good and blends well with their Denim jeans . 
May be best buy on Amazon . 
I love it cause I can wear other stuff under it and layer my winter wear and then it's great for summer cause it's light enough not to be to hot or warm . 
Love it ! 
Can't seem to find these denim jackets in brick and mortar stores anymore . 
Both have chest and side pockets as well as reinforced stitchings where necessary . 
With denims , I order slightly bigger , wash it in hot water and dry in high heat to pre-shrink before wearing . 
Sleeves on Wranglers are tad shorter than the Levi's but it's definitely tailored more towards average Joe . 
Wrangler products are always well made and this one is no exception . 
I love it . 
It's a great fit , and good quality . 
Great price too . 
This is a nice jacket . 
It has two interior pockets besides the outside pockets . 
This Jacket is rugged and stylish as expected it fits well and should last for many years . 
I don't mind since it will be a beater shirt and the huge size probably will help with cooing airflow in the heat and humidity . 
The fit was good , the fabric thick enough and nice colors . 
Holding up well with repeated washing . 
I'm glad I found this seller ; they had the right shirt and the right size , and most importantly , my husband's thrilled with it . 
Highly recommend . 
Costs less than Carhartt , but just as comfortable , and as an added bonus , a little pen holder hidden inside just below top of pocket , keeps my pen or glasses from falling out every time I bend over . 
Will be ordering a few more of these . 
I love the fact these have the pocket , especially ideal for my smart phone . 
Hope that helps . 
I loved the shape of the cups on this bra . 
The bra also seemed a little cheap as the materials weren't as nice as I had hoped . 
I liked the way it ran really small . 
Especially on the sides . 
I am petite and bras always come up too high on the sides so they show with sleeveless tops . 
This bra fits very well and is comfortable . 
She look so hot in them . 
I love this i do not regret buying it one bit . 
Love how sexy it fits . 
Size 6 fit best . 
I love the smoothness . 
The design is gorgeous , however the metal is not good quality . 
This bra fits exceptional . 
I love this bra ! 
Since I found this bra I have been very happy . 
Before I found this company I would find a style I liked only to have it disconnected within a year . 
However , don't use the measuring guidelines given to determine your size and cup . 
When I reordered i brought both the size down by 2 sizes and the cup down by 1 size . 
Other than the size , I liked the materials and the style . 
This bra may be good for some . 
Even though it was small it still is a well made bra . 
I love Glamorise bras . 
I plan on purchasing another front-closure bra because then you don't see anything under your blouses and sweaters but a smooth back . 
I have always had problems finding comfortable bras . 
This one is VERY comfortable . 
I highly recommend . 
Most of the other reviews from this site as well as from other sites mention the irregular sizing issues . 
The only garden boots for our family ... we have to replace our boots when another family member has to have our old ones ! That's fine with us ... we love these old favorites ! 
Highly Recommended . 
As that can be uncomfortable on a hot day , I have recently affixed a pad to the inside of the back lining . 
These jeans look great , feel great , fit great ! 
My husband loves the way these jeans fit , and I love the way he looks in them . 
This particular cut of Levi has always been his favorite , and to see him walking down the hall , street , or out in public , I see why . 
They flatter him wonderfully . 
Color selection was very broad , quality and price was amazing ! 
I will purchase again from your company . 
Nice to still have an old friend still in the business ! 
I love my men's levi's 527 slim boot cut jean . 
I find them to be very comfortable with just enough style without being extravagant . 
They are also a great value , unlike some other jeans named after certain petroleum distillate . 
I also love that I can order my exact size , which is rarely available at dept stores . 
did not fit well , I got over 5 colours bought it from levis store ( Levies 507 and 527 ) , my size 34x23 , the one I got is 1.5 inch longer and half an inch larger , be aware you have to expect different measures . 
I am not happy with the measures ; however , colour , model and delivery speed as expected . 
I'm sure 501s would work for a baggier look , but the 527s are perfect if you need a skinny jean / boot jean look . 
I work as a snowmobile guide and found them to be warm , and fit my size 10 very well.Problem : alot of stitching in leather . 
Highly recommend you do this ! 
They fit with wool socks without any extra effort or squishing . 
Other shoes , you have to compromise if you want to change thickness of socks.But the best part is , it snowed two days after I got them and they kept my feet TOASTY . 
They couldn't feel their toes and I was warm and happy . 
I made a great choice , and will stick with Sorel from here on out . 
These boots are not only great looking they are the most comfortable boots I own . 
I do have one fear and that is seeing the video and other ratings about the rubber splitting from the leather . 
ProsGood designGood quality.ConsSizing is missleading , it runs LARGE . 
So if u plan to wear it somewhere close to north or south pole , try something else.Overall - it's good for mild Russian ( Moscow ) Winter . 
Broke one pin in the first 5 minutes but thankfully the tool comes with 3 more spares . 
My copy also didn't provide parallel pin alignment , they all look about 3 degrees tilted up . 
This product includes a few pins and works very well . 
It's always best to read the instructions for first in order to learn a few good tips to make the tool more useful . 
This one works perfectly . 
Can't say about how long it will last , but it is very easy to use . 
It is comfortable and has nice support . 
They're comfortable right out of the box , and ( maybe best of all ) unisex ! 
They don't streak the floor , make weird noises , or cause pain . 
this item was too small , but the person was able to take them back to a store , so that was cool . 
A teenage dream style . 
Good for boys and cute but a bit on the wide side for girl feet . 
I don't get people who buy skate shoes then complain about this . 
These shoes look great with shorts or jeans , and since I'm too old to ride a skateboard anymore , I bought them primarily to make plane travel easier . 
Easy peasy ! 
These are very comfortable , look great and fit perfectly . 
I like them better than tennis shoes , much more comfortable , look better and slip on and off . 
Love the Cherry Red Color , looks good with black , white , denim . 
Highly recommend . 
Love these shoes . 
After the first week of wearing it at work it had deodorant / sweat stains in the armpit region . 
- Warm enough for ~ 10 celsius degree night - Help to protect muscles - Not ugly-looking - fits well in size 
What a great price and quality was great . 
XL fir my 6 ' 1 208lb boyfriend perfect . 
They are very true to size as well . 
I use these pants for working around the house particularly when I am preparing a room for painting . 
In the past , I also purchased Dickies Men's Relaxed Fit Duck Carpenter Jean . 
Those fit great being loose enough to be very comfortable for working around the house . 
I was surprised to find that the fit of the utility pant being reviewed was much tighter even though both are made by the same company . 
Because of the tighter fit ( less comfortable for me as I am a big guy weighing about 250 lbs . 
! BOUGHT AS A GIFT ! 
Good strong material , which wears and washes well . 
I always worry about Natural or tan clothing , however this did not shrink or discolor when I washed it . 
These are the best slippers ever . 
They are very comfortable when you are on your feet a lot and they last a long time . 
My dog , bless her heart has destroyed my slippers . 
I finally am hiding them especially these because they are so comfortable and the sole is thicker than I expected . 
I have been searching for a new slipper to where during the warmer , summer months and hadn't found anything I was willing to try until I ran across these . 
I LOVE these slippers and have promptly thrown my old ones in the trash.Pros : 1 ) Try to size . 
I have planters fasciitis and having the rubber sole gives enough support that it helps keep it under control 5 ) The piece that goes between the toes is very , very comfortable and non-irritating 6 ) Very reasonable priceCons : None 
They are true to size and very comfortable . 
They are cushioned nicely and look quite attractive . 
They are comfortable and I like that they have a sole on the bottom so I can run outside in them if needed . 
I would prefer that they were not so thick but it is not a real issue . 
Overall I am pleased and hope they hold up well . 
My lovely lady loves these shoes , she says they're just right & fit comfortable , wear well , a good sturdy product , knocks the competitor out the window she says ! ! 
I bought one of these for my husband for Christmas and he loved it . 
Fit well and is a great layer in the winter . 
This top is sooooooooooooo soft and fits perfectly . 
Very comfortable and just what I was looking for . 
The quality , price and service are excellent , as usual . 
I purchased two sets of these midweight thermals in August of 2012 and after two winters ' use decided to purchase two more . 
These pants are soooooooooo soft and fit perfectly . 
Very comfortable and just what I was looking for . 
The quality , price and service are excellent , as usual . 
Bought a pair for my hubby . 
His comment as follow : very comfortable and looks good . 
Doesn't leave mark . 
All in all , good everyday shoes . 
Recommended . 
They fit really well and are comfortable to walk in . 
love the shoes . 
great buy . 
Very cute flipflop and extremely comfortable ! 
Fit perfectly to size and true colors to match any outfit . 
Great for the summer ! 
The materials used are durable and sustainable . 
The design is attractive , and the sandal is really comfortable . 
I'm really happy with my purchase ! 
I had to give them to my niece . 
I don't usually wear flip flops because I don't find them very comfortable . 
These are different somehow . 
They still give my feet support and are very comfortable . 
I think I've been a Reef-only flip-flop woman for 15 years now . 
They are hands down the most comfortable flip-flop on the market . 
The only complaint I've ever had is that there aren't half-sizes . 
Still incredibly comfortable and no pinching or anything . 
LOVE Reef . 
Beside the pinching making the shoes very uncomfortable , there is a loud SQUEAK with every step , which I prefer my footwear not to do . 
Love these . 
These will see many hours of summer and vaca usage . 
She LOVES them , very comfy . 
Quality is great.Look at the sizing chart before you order , don't go by your current shoe size . 
The soles are nice and cushy and the straps don't rub . 
The closings on this bag are magnetic not velcro , or zippered I think that's an improvement . 
The microfiber is easy to clean . 
I was looking for a bag that would hold and lightly pad my iPad along with all my " daily " things . 
Really appreciate the magnetic closures on the small outside pockets and the large pocket behind the outside zipper pocket ( allows for the occasional paper item to stay in place without flying away ) . 
After owning Dexter shoes myself , I knew exactly which pair I'd be getting her.Bowling shoes are very well made and Dexter is the best in the business . 
TheEbonite Ultra Slide Powderif perfect if you want to give the felt bottom a refresh . 
Especially , if you accidentally walk into the bathroom with your bowling shoes on ( which you should never do ) this powder will help dry the bottom out . 
After a couple weeks I usually check the bottoms and lightly scrape the rubber with a wire brush to remove any gunk that has built up on them.Overall , these are a great shoes and are light-years ahead of the rentals you're used to using at your local alley . 
These shoes were a great fit and a great value . 
These are great looking boots . 
The length was fine . 
I have Plantar Fasciitis so I used inserts . 
These are great looking boots . 
They were also a great price , so I couldn't be happier . 
I love these boots . 
They are very stylish , but still sturdy . 
These are a great style if you can't fully commit to a " cowboy " boot . 
Not a good look for me . 
Powerlifting gave me powerful glutes that can only be contained by the finest of jean . 
This is the second pair ( of 5 recent purchases ) where the pant size is not close to the marked sized . 
These stay right where they belong . 
It also helps that my wife thinks they are very attractive on me . 
like many of you this is not my first pair of levi Strauss jeans and this won't be my last . 
i would highly recommend that anyone where this or any other pair of levi's jeans . 
The waist is kind of loose though and the material is not thick , but these jeans are very comfortable . 
I figure after one wash / dry cycle , it should be a bit more snug . 
I may need to wash them a few times to break them in.Would not purchase again over the 559 ' s 
However , the quality of the denim is great for the price , and I have a few pairs that have worn surprisingly well . I would definitely purchase again . 
The quality standards from Levi's is great the are always the same as the last pair . 
No surprises is always the best thing . 
I started buying these about 2 - 3 years ago and they're my favorite jeans . 
Lots of room in the seat and thighs . 
I'm a 230 - lb middle aged guy with a big gut , and buying pants of any kind is hell . I bought a pair of these at Costco and loved the fit and price - they are a bit long for a 30 " inseam which is perfect , as I will step on a 32 " , Despite being loose fit , they don't look all baggy . 
Being able to buy them at this price on Amazon saves me a lot of pain at the mall . 
The material is as thin as paper , very different from what I am use to . 
Well , I bought them anyway since Amazon has such a great return policy and they fit him just fine . 
In fact , they are great butt jeans . 
I usually use the silicone covers with the adhesive to help them to stay . 
As with all kinds of products , I clean them with plain bar soap after each use . 
Nice , try them ! 
I love these pads they are exactly what they say . 
Excellent coverage well made I use the often I just love them 
But these work so well in hiding the nipples . 
Used these for unlined bras and sheer knit tops and they work good . 
It's unfortunate , because they seem like very nice boots otherwise . 
Great value , too . 
He said they are very comfortable . 
The fit is great . 
He doesn't use them for work , so that was his only complaint . 
I was really surprised that even with the larger size , I couldn't even get my foot in them . 
They are being returned and it's going to cost me an additional $ 6 because I am having the package picked up at my house . 
I hope Amazon will remove this product , since so many people have had the same issue . 
Got this in a lovely hot fuschia color ( much brighter IRL , which I love ) on sale ! 
So pleased with it . 
Fits true to size , and feels so soft and comfortable . 
Would love to get in every color if I could afford it ... Edit - Got my second pair in white pearl and the leather is a bit scaly , feels like it would flake off easily . 
Color is more of a cream / beige than pure white . 
But still a lovely shoe and for the price ( $ 35 ) for SE I won't complain.Edit - Got horrible color runs on the hot fuschia pair ! 
She has awkward shaped feet so finding comfortable shoes has always been a challenge . 
Since discovering this brand , she has bought their flats in multiple styles and colors . 
She tells me they are well constructed and very stylish too . 
A bit shocking actually but got them at a good price so what the heck , I'll have neon pink feet . 
So happy to have a pair of flats that don't rub in the heels . 
Just bought my 3rd pair ! 
These are a fun color and can be dressed up or dressed down . 
Fit great and very stylish . 
I highly recommend . 
Keeps my head nice and warm when riding my motorcycle to work during the coldest winter months . 
You will definitely love this hat ! 
They're okay ... for a pair of cheapy thigh highs . 
These stockings are nice and priced right ! 
They were huge on her and she is 12 years old . 
She had to wear regular tights under them to keep warm . 
Also , I am 5 ' 3 " and I weigh 130 pounds . 
But I bought these for a cosplay , not regular use so it's fine that they're snug . 
They look cute and are perfect for my cosplay ! 
They were a great addition to the costume . 
They just make her look young . 
I love these . 
They are Beautiful , and my husband found them very sexy . 
Basic , But Beautiful . 
I love how these have the lining up to my waist to secure its safely . 
Never falling down :) plus its so comfortable 
Comfortable fit , good looking , great price ! 
This was an exceptional buy even though not covered by " prime " shipping . 
THE SHOES FIT GREAT , LOVE THE COLOR . 
ALWAYS BUY REEBOK , HAVE NEVER HAD A DISAPPOINTMENT IN THEIR PRODUCT . 
After purchasing a school shoe every 3 months for the past year , this one seems the strongest . 
It is good to get shoes that are simple , come in just one color and are good quality . 
My son tells me they are comfortable . 
Hope they are long lasting . 
I love these shoes . 
These shoes are so light and comfortable to wear . 
The best shoe I have bought in a while . 
They make a good working and every day shoe . 
These were not the usual glove leather that I am used to in the Reebok princess sneakers . 
The shoes that listed as wide were not even a medium . 
I won't be buying from this vender ever again . 
However I had no problem getting a return label or my money refunded . 
I love them . 
LOVE them . 
Hope they never stop making this style . 
I have worn princess reeboks in the past but always in white . 
It has been years since I purchased a pair and I need comfy shoes more than ever . 
I did not realize the shoe was not leather , however , It fits well and I am very happy about that ! 
This is my 3rd pair of Reebok Princess sneakers , because this style is perfect for me . 
Aside from that , I have always loved this style . 
I use them for tennis on soft courts , and for me , they are the perfect style for these courts . 
I have been wearing them for over 20 years and they are the most comfortable shoe in the world . 
we bought this item at regular size and my husband although he is very thin ... the shoes were very tight ... if you buy these by them WIDE .. otherwise they will be too tight on your feet . 
This is a great shoe for the average foot . 
They can last 1-2 years with continuous use . 
The color stays well . 
I have been through more than a few pairs of these shoes but , they are worth the investment for the comfort and stability they provide for the feet . 
I've worn Reebok Princess tennis shoes for many years cause I found them to be very comfortable from the first day I put them on . 
However , this pair is very disappointing and I'll have to return them . 
I ordered the same size as always but these are way too large . 
This pair didn't have it at all . 
THEY FIT GREAT GOT A HALF SIZE LARGER AND IT WORKS OUT WELL WEARING WITH SOCKS I CAN'T DO AEROBICS IN THEM BUT I DO GET MY STEPS IN :) GREAT FIT AND NICE FEEL TO THEM THANKS YOU ROCK AS ALWAYS AMAZON ! 
They were a little smaller than the usual sizing . 
They look great , but could used to be sized better 
It is too small and tight on my feet . 
I bought a few pairs of Naturalizer shoes , all at size 6M . 
It actually goods very nice on the feet , just too small for comfort . 
I just love the color and I love the style . 
Classic boat shoes that look great with jeans or shorts . 
Great price , too . 
This shoe is fantastic ! 
Will buy again when I beat these to crap - most likely buying another color anyway b / c they look so nice . I've always been a Sperry guy , but am not switching my allegiance to Sebago . 
I have had Sebago shoes for many years , and just received this new pair . 
They have always been a go-to shoe for ease and comfort . 
Although they require a bit of a break-in period , they have always been the most comfortable shoe.They may feel a bit snug at first , but they do give as you wear them . 
My boyfriend needs a wrist watch that is 8.5 " length in the band , and this one didn't meet the requirement . 
He loved the look and all the features though . 
Be aware that this watch uses a Silver Oxide ( 371/370 ) battery with a lifespan of about 3 - years if the battery was " fresh " when you purchased the watch . 
Forget about changing the battery and maintaining the water resistance . 
Besides , after 3 years the watch band becomes brittle and usually cracks . 
If you want a more reliable watch with a longer lasting battery , buy a Lithium model . 
They cost more , but I have a Casio Lithium model for close to 10 years now and it's still running fine.Bottom line : I was able to reassemble the watch with the new battery , sans o-ring , so it is not water resistant now , but it works . 
My husband wears this to work , he keeps re-buying the same watch for the last 15 years 
this was purchased for our 14 year old son as a Christmas gift . 
Happy made this purchase 
This watch is great , it is simple but has everything you need . 
Works great very durable . 
Absolutely love it . 
I work with coal on a daily basis . 
And doesn't have a lot of clutter on the face . 
You do have a digital read out but it would be nice to just look down in the dark and see the hands without having to touch my watch . 
But small thing . 
The face is recessed in behind the brim on the case . 
So there is good protection for the face . 
Very nice watch 
My son likes the look of the watch . 
It's not like a regular analog watch , you have to set it by pushing a button and the hands move electrically , you don't just turn the crown of the watch like an analog watch . 
looks cool and compactits a bit in the small side but looks good to those who have average-small handsas for the price no complains in heregreat watch love it 
My significant other now thinks he's very hip because he has the same watches as our 14 and 20 year olds . 
It feels very comfortable wearing it . 
This watch is very light weight and because of its teeth in the band , keeps from moving around my arm while remaining comfortably in place . 
Perfect gift and he loved it ! 
I love it this type of watch are very expensive at amazon i had a great price and i am so happy with it . 
It's just a hard plastic watch , but I drive a motorcycle , use it rough , and still flawless . 
They have a wool feel to them and feel itchy on warm days 
Was shopping for Carhartt socks when Amazon also showed me these in the search . 
I am happy I pulled the trigger on these . 
I only buy cotton socks , max 5 % non natural fibers . 
I also sweat more in them ... not happy . 
I am very pleased with the Wigwam socks . 
Comfortable and padded . 
Warm but perfectly fine in the summer.Very good value for the money . 
All my life , I've had socks that were too big . 
The quality is great . 
I love the feel & fit . 
Hopefully I will remember later on to come back and update my review as to how they have fared over time . 
" They're nice and ' thermal ' thick " ... or " not a summer sock . " How about this , the actual description on the package : " Cotton ; Midweight " Other than that , they're pretty decent quality socks.The website description : CottonMade in USMachine Wash 67 % Cotton , 17 % Acrylic , 16 % Stretch NylonSmooth toe seamOdor Guard antimicrobial treated to control foot odor and athlete's foot.Machine wash warm do not bleach tumble dry lowMade in USAOdor Guard treated to control foot odor and athlete's foot.Show less 
He wears a pair of them everyday . 
Well worth the price paid . 
The under pad is just the right thickness . 
The are nicely made and thick socks on the toes , bottom of foot and heel area . 
I MUST OWN 2 DOZEN PAIRS . 
ARE LONG LASTING , WON'T WEAR CHEAP SOCKS ANYMORE 
I've had these since November 2011 , and these are still as comfortable as the day I got them . 
Thick , durable , warm . 
Shoes are very nice . 
I need a different size . 
I will be doing an exchange on the shoes . 
These shoes are comfortable and fit well . 
Sketchers are my favorite brand and I am disappointed this pair has not lived up to expectation . 
Bought these shoes for my husband and he says they are the most comfortable walking shoes , he has ever had.He bought the wide fitting and they fit him perfectly .. Highly recommended . 
Sketchers ALWAYS use to come with two pair . 
These shoe are holding up so much better than my 1st pair of Skechers ... Have a look at the toe material on the front . 
They fit comfortable and run fine in hard territory with good protection . 
Have worn this sneaker for years and love how it fits and feels ! 
Easy on and easy off make this sneaker my favorite ! 
Fits perfectly and does not " squish my toes " . 
Comfortable enough for all-day wear , and I have received many compliments on the look / style . 
So far have gotten a new pair each summer for the past several years . 
So nice and bright white when new . 
However , I still give these a decent rating because I have problem feet and many shoes simply aren't comfortable . 
I can't say enough about how comfortable these shoes are ! 
They are the most comfortable tennis shoes that I have ever owned . 
I was a bit surprised in how quickly these deteriorated . 
I've had skechers for years and worn them almost daily for as long without them falling apart . 
Still a good deal though . 
They are attractive and will be great this summer . 
I love these shoes . 
So comfortable ! 
These fit length and width wise , but they just had a lot of extra bulk to them . 
I needed something I could slip on and not have to tie , but that were still good for walking in my 3rd trimester of pregnancy . 
I love these sneakers . 
I love that they slip on to put on and take off easily . 
Great product 
i bought these as a gift and she loves them . 
She said that they fit perfectly and are very comfortable . 
I love these shoes they are comfortable and great for the money ! 
I am on my feet all day and these make it easy 
I only wore them to work one time so far . 
If you order a size 8 , then thats what you get is a size 8 true to size , and very comfortable . 
I love them , and will definitely buy another pair . 
I have an older pair of blue Sketchers and they weigh 13 oz . 
each in the 8.5 , so they've improved on that a bit , although leather uppers are going to be heavier than synthetic , and I have synthetic upper New Balance running shoes in 8.5 that weigh a mere 7.6 oz . 
each for comparison , which I love . I would stay away from the white version of these Sketchers if you care about the color of your uppers . 
holding out great 
Skechers are my favorite shoes , especially these Premium Sneakers ! ! 
I always use this style as my go to shoe for when I want to make sure my feet are comfy ! ! 
One great shoe ! 
I had gotten some Sketchers Go Walks and they were a dream so I thought the Sneakers would be nice . 
i work on concrete floors all day and these shoes from day one were the most uncomfortable shoes i would say ever but i had another pair of skechers that were like this also . 
even with gel inserts these were very uncomfortable . 
I USUALLY BUY STONE AND BROWN . 
BUT , I COULD NOT FIND THE COLOR I WANTED . 
SO , I DECIDED TO TRY THE BLK . 
COMFORTABLE AND LOOKS GOOD . 
I USE THEM FOR WORK . 
Another great sneaker from Skechers . 
Ok , so I use them for work . 
Well-made but larger sizes not available . 
Postage extra . 
This bra is great . 
Very comfortable and verrrry sexy . 
Be warned it runs slightly small . 
Blue only comfy & fit fine . 
Would like in more colors prefer white but , work just fine as is . 
My old pair of waterproof shoes had a wardrobe malfunction when the heel exploded . 
These were ordered at a very good price and are doing the trick wearing a nice heavy pair of socks to keep the footies warm while the shoes keep out the water and snow . 
They are comfortable . 
The shoes are good though . 
Nice style , good fit , terrible smell . 
I tried two different pair of the brown . 
This is my second pair of the Skechers Mariner style . 
The first pair has moved to the closet for yard work , but they have held up well . 
The soles have a great grip on tiled and smooth cement floors , even when wet . 
I used the sizing guide , and measured my foot . 
They are very comfortable . 
I need a wide toe box , and these were fine . 
I wore them to work the first day I got them and no rubbing , no blisters . 
The heel is more narrow than I am use to , because I usually where a walking shoe . 
I bought them because I work in a school and I am on my feet all day . 
They are very comfortable and stylish . 
I own several pairs of Skechers like these and they are very comfortable . 
I highly recommend this shoe . 
I had a pair of these for years , and finally wore them out . 
Bought these shoes for Disney to go with some dresses and skirts since they look a tad bit dressier than sneakers . 
Very cute and comfortable ! 
These shoes work well with my bunions . 
They are very comfortable and have a little bit dressier look as they are not as bulky as other shoes this style . 
these are a little big and they are oddly bubble-like around the toe . 
These are SO comfortable ! 
It is nice to have sneakers that look a little dressier than normal . 
Had to return them . 
I have other Skechers that are as comfortable as my favorite running shoes ; I will continue to seek out new styles ! 
I am happy to say that nothing went wrong with buying these shoes ! They fit well and are very comfortable ! 
I am considering buying another pair in a different color . 
very comfortable and nice looking . 
On top of that , no matter how tight I strapped them , the back was too wide and my heels moved around in them . 
BOTH REPORT THAT THE SHOE FITS PERFECTLY AND AMBLES IN THE SAND OK . ( SOME SHOES SLIP AND SLIDE IN THE SAND , BUT THESE DO NOT . ) 
Tight at first and then they just mold to your foot . 
They feel so good on your feet , that you don't want to take them off . 
I urge you , if you are in need of a good pair of Slippers , try these.Sincerely , Farrell E . Manuel 
Great slippers for the price , soft , warm , durable , comfy and easy off and on . 
Love them , thinking of getting them in more colors . 
I pretty much slippers year round in my climate and these are perfect . 
The price was great , too ! 
I loved them … I threw them out after a month because they were worn out , but it was a great month . 
Need to order one size up due to comfort piling inside . 
My boyfriend is a big guy and these are rugged enough for him to walk around in the house and fine to step outside when he's taking out the trash . 
Fits his size 14 feet great . 
He says they're very comfortable and warm in the winter . 
The slippers are very sturdy , they are almost shoe like , and very comfortable . 
The shoes are very comfortable . 
They were snug at first and still are but now they are comfortably snug . 
They are very warm , but definately not an ideal house slipper for extended wear . 
He's now on his second pair . 
He wore the first until he finally wore off all the tread . 
He wears these for several hours daily , as he hates to go barefoot or walk around the house in socks . 
So he's happy with them as bedroom slippers and bare feet . 
The first pair that I bought home he likes as well but they were whole slipper shoes as oppose to these being slippers . 
He likes that he can just stick his feet in them and go outside . 
They are true to size and the fur lining is very warm and soft . 
These were purchase as a gift for my fiancé , and now that we've got the right size he loves them . 
Nice color , and nice fluffy insides . 
Those fit wonderfully . 
Nice shoe but it runs small and narrow . 
I returned to Amazon for one size larger . 
Order one size larger than your normal shoe size or you will be doing what I had to do . 
Easy on and off and very comfortable . 
These are the most comfortable slippers I've tried on . 
Lightweight but very durable with a great non-slop bottom , highly recommended . 
Decent slippers , but they definitely run small in my opinion . 
Its snug and warm . 
If I'd have paid more , 3 stars . 
We purchased the 11 and it was too small for him , so we had to return it . 
These are just as they advertize and look in the advertizement . 
I haven't owned any better shoes for around the house and to get the mail without changing . 
I love them ! 
Definitely get a half size larger.Pros : super warm . 
Whatever the furry lining is , fake , Chinese , whatever , it is really warm . 
Holding up ok after two monthsof use . 
They are also very comfortable.Cons : possibly too warm . 
My feet start to sweat after a couple hours inside with room temp . 
For the price , these are great winter slippers . 
These are functional , comfortable , & come in great colors . 
These have to be the most comfortable slippers I have had in a long time . 
I bought each color to shoe my entire family . 
These also clean up very easily . 
Very nice slippers very comfortable and stretch nicely ! ! 
Good quality and at a great price will recommend the brand to everyone I know ! 
After a few days wearing these slippers , they form nicely to you feet . 
I'll look for more on this style from this reseller ! 
Hubs is in love with them ! 
They have a nice rubber sole so that they can be worn outside . 
Hubs didn't want to take them off , ever . 
He has diabetes and they keep his feet nice and toasty and he says they are sooo comfortable . 
Great great slippers ! 
One was too small due to the lining and one was too big as I overcompensated . 
This pair of slippers is just right and so comfy . 
I take them to work on the frigid polar weather days in Chicago and feel great . 
Highly recommend ... 
These were a gift for my husband . 
Warm , very sturdy and supportive . 
He wears them nearly all day and goes outside in them , too . 
He's very happy and I am too . 
Alright , don't look at me cross-eyed . 
We do a lot of entertaining . 
I also work and have three kids , so most of what gets cooked happens the day of . 
The point is that these don't clean well.That aside , they are VERY comfortable . 
They keep my feet warm in winter even without socks ( and we're having one of those " where's the second digit in the temperature " winters ) . 
I won't even cancel my paper copy of the New York Times because it goes so well with these slippers.Highly recommended . 
This slipper was returned only because the size was a bit small . 
The order and return was easy . 
They are very warm and comfortable . 
Highly recommended . 
Husband asked me to find a pair of " inside / outside house slippers " so ordered these hoping they'd work . 
They fit perfect - he loves them - says they're warm and super comfortable . 
They appear very well made with high quality materials and are attractive - to him anyway :-) - so he's happy ! Mission accomplished - would recommend ! 
They were really warm and comfortable . 
I bought these for my father as a christmas gift . 
He loves them beyond words , so if you need a great dad gift this is it . 
Otherwise , fantastic . 
They are a little stiff and although I bought his normal size , they fit him tightly at first but they have stretched a little with daily use over the last month . 
My diabetic husband wears a size 14 extra wide shoe and always has problems finding good quality , supportive slippers that would accommodate his special inserts . 
My husband loved them comfortable & warm ! ! ! 
My feet stay warm and dry ! 
I find them very comfortable and like the grip the on the bottom . 
This has been dropped and sat on , but still looks great and the latch works . 
My kids are in love with this toy ! 
I recommend this highly ! 
This toy was larger than we expected , and so now it takes more room than expected as it sits on the shelf . 
A long time fan of Dockers , I prefere the never-iron line because they look nicer longer . 
Great for any casual and even slightly dressy occassions . 
Have held up very well . 
Just a tad baggy feeling . 
The quality of the fabric and the non-iron , out of the dryer performance is second to none . 
Now that I know more about the sizing for these I certainly wouldn't hesitate ordering another pair in another color . 
Overall these are a great work pant 
I received these very fast . 
Great service . 
I like the color and they fit very well . 
They fit with her work pant suits and she is happy . 
Berkshire are her favorites . 
I recieved these boots after a little snafu from a previous order , I reodered these and Amazon promptly sent another pair even before I returned the orignal order in which I was super happy about that , anyway , Ive used these boots everyday since ive I got the reorder , EVERYDAY , I work at night and have been in the snow , sleet , rain and blizzard and these rascals have worked great , almost no break in needed , if , and I say , if , you are going to use these with two ( 2 ) pairs of socks or winter socks to avaoid blisters then by all means order a size up , if not , youre probably best to order you right ize and wait for a break in . 
In the grand scheme of things 100.00 is not alot of money to pay for some decent work boots that also look good dressed up or with jeans as well . 
These are not Luccheses ' , Tony Lamas , or Myers , but tey are very good for what they do , besides , the burnt cherry color looks even better after its been work , sort of like a cross between black and a dark red . 
The boot was somewhat large - though another boot of the same brand , size , and similar style was too small and had to be returned . 
Plus the pictures were better than the reality . 
I am buying from zappos ( owned by Amazon ) from now on . 
Its big and has a lot of space inside . 
Holds four cleats in cleat pocket comfortably on the other end you can put icy hot , player cards , etc . 
GREAT PURCHASE especially for the price ! 
Gift for my hubby to replace the old slip-on Uggs he had for a few years . 
They seemed a little tight when he first got them but a couple of weeks later and he said they fit perfect ! The color is also beautiful . 
and I finally through them in the wash . 
THE UGGS ARE GREAT . 
WELL MADE AND VER COMFORTABLE TO WEAR . 
WITHOUT SOCKS THEY FIT PERFECTLY , WITH SOCKS , A LITTLE TIGHT . 
Got these as a gift for my husband for Xmas , he really liked them , great quality BUT , they were too small , had to send them back and reorder a size bigger . 
Great quality , really nice . 
These slippers are so well constructed they are almost like a pair of shoes . 
i order a size up and they were still tight for a day or two . 
They are good quality and look better than most and definitely more comfortable than most but they should be for the price . 
They definitely kept my feet warm on a recent 8 degree morning . 
I got this watch for my Mom , who is a Senior and she loves the larger numbers and comfortable wrist band . 
It is easy to read and comfortable to wear . 
It keeps great accurate time . 
The date is a little difficult to see because it is so small . 
The watchband is large ( I have a fairly small wrist ) , but I don't like my band super-tight , and am able to wear this comfortably without putting it in the last whole . 
Overall , I am very happy with this watch and would definitely recommend it . 
I have all kinds of watches , but I love this timex . 
It is an indiglo so it lights up in dark spots - in one / tenth of a second you can find out the time in a dark movie theater or restaurant . 
Was looking for a fairly simple , straight forward watch without a lot of extras . 
I would recommend a strong breaking in period for true comfort . 
These are great boots they seem to hold up to any kind of work you do . 
Love them 
These boots are great . 
Durable & can be worn all the time . 
The color is awesome I hope they last all year long . 
Plus it lights up in the dark so I can still know what time it is . 
The bracelet gets prettier the more I look at it . 
My only complaint is the band is a bit small . 
It is a convenient , comfortable and beautiful for its price . 
I love this watch . 
I love the easy to read large numbers and the fact that it lights up . 
I love the ease of the elastic band , and I am not concerned if I need to throw it in my purse , or leave it on a table . 
I was hoping this watch would have a larger face for my 95 year old Mom with vision problems . 
It was not any bigger than a regular woman's watch face . 
Mom likes the fact that she can wash dishes without taking off the watch because it is waterproof and she likes the lighted dial even though she hasn't had to use it yet . 
Looks okay but nothing fancy if you want to make an impression at gift time . 
Easy to read , convenient to read in light or darkness , such as a theater , or bedroom . 
The face is such an easy to read size ! 
The date feature is a convenience . 
Great watch ! 
i bought it as a present and the watch is pretty cute but he bracelet is very small , my mom has very small wrists and it was still too tight . 
This was a gift for my 89 yr old mom . 
She loves it - she has no problem seeing the time , fits well and just big enough on her wrist.Looks very nice on her . 
Keeps time like Timex does , but it is your basic watch which I will use traveling . 
Good value for a good working item . 
I am very happy with this purchase since the watch itself is small but not so small as I can't read the numbers . 
Loved the watch but wanted a much bigger face , so returned and ordered a man's easy reader , The glow in the dark is the best feature , 
like the indiglow dial but just like the classy face and the ease in which i can see what time it is 
I loved this watch , and the previous one of the same design . 
In both cases , the strap caught on something while I was moving my arm , and it broke . 
Very comfortable and looks great ! 
Large face , big numbers , comfortable band and the super feature is the glow in the dark by pressing on stem . 
So far , keeping perfect time and am very happy with this purchase . 
3 Timex watches in the past year . 
All three were great for a week or to . 
this one the date didn't change properly . 
Pain in the but . 
I used to , and now do again , use Fossil watches . 
Much finer quality at a fairly reasonable price ... 
I've had this watch for over year now and it's still working great . 
I like the comfortable leather strap , and the simple design . 
He can read it easily and he love it .. 
Very happy with the quality and the price .. 
I love the color but the strap not what I expect to lift breast . 
These bras were purchased as a gift but i found them to be very nice ! 
I will include that they are " good , sturdy bras " for someone who has large breast . 
They are accessible and come in common sizes . 
I love this bra . 
And , it's comfortable ! 
I'll keep buying these ! 
As a house / secondary bra it's okay . 
I tried these and was pleasantly surprised that I did not have to send them back . 
I have had these bras now ( I bought 3 ) and I am still wearing them after 2 years They hold up well in the machine and in the dryer . 
Lacy and comfort at its best . 
Other than that , I'm 36DD and its perfect and supportive . 
I was extremely pleased with my order the bra is comfortable and supportive I love it and will order more 
I wear a 40I and this bra lifts and holds comfortably , I really love this bra and will buy again if needed . 
Otherwise they were made well . 
i'll admit that if you are going to do a lot of urban hiking or trail hiking , these are NOT hiking boots ( and don't pretend to be ) so i got a pair of timberlands for my 4 hour city treks shooting photos . 
Light enough too as they have no steel toe , but still offer great protection . 
they have a nice shape , not HUGE and OVERSIZED like some boots , so they really have a good look with jeans that are straight ( meaning not bell or bootcut , tho they'd look good with those too ) . one of them did have a manufacturing light surface scuff , but realistically they will have a good ' worn ' look soon enough so no need to send them back . 
other than that light scuff , very surface , the shoe quality looks and feels great and i just love these . 
i'm very happy . 
He likes them very much and finds them to be very comfortable . 
we all love them . 
very comfy , true to size , and very well made . 
well worth the money . 
Great Condition . 
I got these for my son , he is so happy I got these for him ! 
I absolutely love these sandals ! 
They are very comfortable . 
I didn't know they made this style anymore , always loved this style . 
Price was great , too ! 
Liked the style , but I sent them back because they slipped up and down on my heel . 
shoes were nice . 
These are the bounciest Sperry's I have ever owned . 
You will love them . 
I am a fairly fashionable person , and have fought getting a pair of these for years , because I just didn't like the style of them , and saw them as a passing fad . 
They are a fantastic pair of boat shoes . 
The colors are true , and they fit perfectly . 
These boots are comfortable after wearing them for a few hours , but they are somewhat oddly shaped . 
Also , the foot part is large for a 9 , yet the calves are small , so it's a slightly weird fit . 
They are attractive well made boots . 
Was having trouble changing the battery on my first one , broke the watch and just decided to buy a new one . 
ALso , the backlight display is awesome.Great little watch for your workouts . 
I love this watch . 
It fits great and the fabric feels nice and doesn't rub or irritate your skin at all . 
a gift for another of my great grandsons and he was very happy with it . 
So easy to shop on Amazon . 
Once adjusted to his wrist size , he can easily slip it on / off without opening the velcro again . 
It's easy to use and easy to see the numbers . 
IS A PAIN . 
Only the very best " divers " watches costing hundreds of dollars with " water proof " guarantees to specific depths should be allowed in a wet environment . 
I highly recommend Timex Indiglo watches - trust me , if you are not a " brand " or high-dollar watch snob , this is a great watch for you . 
I needed a new everyday watch to replace my scratched and aging digital watch . 
I love this watch . 
My only complaint is the band is very small . 
I have ver small wrists and I still had to have a jeweler install 2 extra links . 
I've gotten right back in the groove though . 
Simple design , not a lot of bells and whistles , but tells the time and is easy to read . 
Purchased as a gift for someone who is hard on watches , this ha been in constant use for six months and still works well and looks good . 
Being a farmer a watch with a second hand is important for calibrating fertilizer during water runs . 
This watch has an easy to see second hand and the light is nice during the evenings . 
The band is elastic but sturdy and comfortable . 
Love this watch ! 
I use this around the house for all of the cooking and icing and heat therapy that I do . 
I need a smallish tough , reliable waterproof digital watch with month day year and day of week . 
I LOVE the idiglo at night . 
One lasted about 8-9 years , most recent one lasted about 6 I think , so hope this one does as well . 
I dont want any other fancy stuff and I can't figure out why a men's watch needs to be as big as a coffee saucer - this is great at a good price and a soft band that works fine as a pocket fob . 
This was harder for my son to get on by himself , and the velcro was very sharp and cut his wrist the first time he wore it . 
My other son has the type with the elastic strap and it is soft and comfortable . 
Does what I need it to do , and does it well . 
Good for a young man like myself who can't spend a bunch of money on a great watch , but still wants to look stylish . 
This is a great watch , although I had to return it because the numbers were too small to read ( for me ) , so I ordered another Timex watch with larger numbers and I feel very happy now . 
This watch make an good accent on the wrist and complements desert type uniforms . 
Will make a great gift . 
I found it quite a hassle to set the day / date , but aside from that , im pretty happy . 
So it's a retro look . 
This Timex is as accurate as my Seiko or Bulova . I don't need to impress anyone with a pricey watch ; if that is important to you this is probably not the watch for you . 
Some reviews mention the loud ticking , yeah it is but I actually like it - and it's not too loud.For the $ 23 + I paid I'm impressed Timex can make it to " Take a licking and keep on ticking ' Makes a great first watch as a gift or buy one for yourself , it doesn't cost a latte money and you won't regret it even if you pay list price.Watches do make a statement about the wearer , this one says " I'm comfortable in my own skin , I spend my money wisely , I'm a dependable on time person . " 
After 6 months , it started to lose time daily . 
The return window has long passed . I phoned Amazon for warranty info and they were super nice and refunded , so I re-ordered , hoping this was just an odd lemon . 
like it , cheap and looks great , it was a gift and he likes it 
Keeps excellent time and is super light . 
I also like that it has the military times since that's what we now use at work so I can give it a quick glance and see what time I need to put into my documentation . 
For the money , can't beat it . 
Great for an everyday work watch . 
For the price , I think I got a good deal with this product . 
The band is very stiff out of the box and I can only hope that it will soften with use . 
The watch runs well , but out of the box , the face does not glow in the dark even after being in the light for a half hour . 
Easy to carry , easy to wash , very functional , and comfortable too . 
So who cares if you look a little goofy with this hat . 
It is nicely made and the beads are very nice , and I really like the crucifix , it is so beautiful . 
It is so great that the beads are made from the olive tree , and that it contains the soil from Bethlehem . 
Quality automatic movement keeps perfect time with days of reserve power . 
A real dive watch with a nice rotating bezel , screw-down crown , gigantic rubber band & 200m rating . 
This is THE classic authentic Seiko dive watch , and along with the Rolex Submariner , this is the most influential dive watch out there in terms of both style and function . 
It has day / date ( in both English and Spanish , there are also versions with other languages including Japanese ) . The unidirectional bezel clicks with quiet reliability . 
The bezel is easy to use underwater , by the way , and the hands and hour markers are easily read in all light conditions , both on land and underwater . 
This exact watch is also available , for a few dollars more , with a stainless metal clasp band . 
But if you do , the factory Seiko stainless band is pretty nice ... it also does the job , seems pretty durable , and isn't overly heavy.These are famously durable . 
I've had mine about four years now , I wear it frequently outdoors in ll kinds of activities , I never baby it or worry about it , and it still looks 99 % new--only a determined jeweler's search with a strong magnifier would show up the tiny , almost invisible wear marks on the case and crystal.These are rated to 200 meters , which is deeper than any human diver is ever going to go . 
It's tough , and can take it.If you're debating a ' first ' dive watch , I would say go with this Seiko . 
As a real diver , I have acquired a number of real dive watches over the years , and this Seiko is my favorite , for all the reasons above . 
It just works , it does the job , and it does it well.It ' s also very reasonably priced . 
So definitely make sure you are dealing with a licensed Seiko dealer ( you can verify with Seiko on Seiko's website ) . Interestingly , these watches hold their resale value really well . 
Some people keep all their original box and documentation to increase their resale . 
Definitely register your watch with Seiko for warranty coverage.Summary : Great dive watch . 
Solid , reliable , well designed . 
Available around $ 180 , shipped , through genuine Seiko dealers.Hope this is helpful . 
Dive safe , everybody 
The quality also reflects that . 
I myself was so surprised that it prompted me to order the SKX 009K2 . 
Buy it and be happy with the best under $ 200 diver made today . I'm not sure that the watch wasn't a return from someone , as not all of the protective plastic was in place.My issue is with the seller ( Dexclusive ) . 
I am still giving the watch 5 stars . 
Overall I'm very very happy with this purchase . 
This is my second seiko and I like this one much better then the sne107.Pros : Great looking ( much better than pics ) Lume is solid : lasts me slightly over 3 hoursGood bezel ratchetingWell finished face and lume markers with good quality look and feelScrew down crown ( of course on a divers ) 200m water resitant : ISO certifiedAutomatic timing - 6 seconds per day ( very pleased with this ) Braclet is very comfortableGood day and date window visabilityCool crown placementCons : End links hollow but to be expected in this rangeNo divers extensionNo warrenty from SeikoSecond hand lume on the wrong end ( personal preference ) Not hacking ( second hand runs when setting the time ) For this price range it's a no brainer ! ! 
Looks sharp , has good weight and very comfortable . 
A lot of people are not happy with the jubilee braclet but it's not awful and I actual like it . 
Sure thousands more if you want but this has the look and all the functions you need and is ISO certified . 
Shipping was reasonable ( speed wise ) came well packed and with official seiko watch box and manual . 
I suggest you always purchase through amazon directly or fufilled by amazon as you are pretty much guaranteed a quality worry free expirence . 
This is THE classic authentic Seiko dive watch , and along with the Rolex Submariner , this is the most influential dive watch out there in terms of both style and function . 
It has day / date ( in both English and Spanish , there are also versions with other languages including Japanese ) . The unidirectional bezel clicks with quiet reliability . 
The bezel is easy to use underwater , by the way , and the hands and hour markers are easily read in all light conditions , both on land and underwater . 
I've had mine about four years now , I wear it frequently outdoors in ll kinds of activities , I never baby it or worry about it , and it still looks 99 % new--only a determined jeweler's search with a strong magnifier would show up the tiny , almost invisible wear marks on the case and crystal.These are rated to 200 meters , which is deeper than any human diver is ever going to go . 
It's tough , and can take it.If you're debating a ' first ' dive watch , I would say go with this Seiko . 
As a real diver , I have acquired a number of real dive watches over the years , and this Seiko is my favorite , for all the reasons above . 
It just works , it does the job , and it does it well.It ' s also very reasonably priced . 
So definitely make sure you are dealing with a licensed Seiko dealer ( you can verify with Seiko on Seiko's website ) . Interestingly , these watches hold their resale value really well . 
Some people keep all their box and documentation to increase their resale . 
Definitely register your watch with Seiko for warranty coverage.Summary : Great dive watch . 
Solid , reliable , well designed . 
Available around $ 180 , shipped , through genuine Seiko dealers.Hope this is helpful . 
Dive safe , everybody . 
They were very warm and people though I was not wearing anything underneath . 
Fits as expected and looks good too . 
Like the color Light Toast . 
Shipping was just fine . 
Bought these for a CHRISTmas gift for my coworkers they loved them . 
Very nice very nice piece of jewelry for the price . 
This is a lovely , small cross on a delicate chain that is perfect for my granddaughter's first communion . 
shopping early nice simple gift for 12 year old girls love the simplicity and price was good hope they like them 
This is definitely a feminine , delicate looking chain . 
I bought it to use with some of my larger pendants that were just too big for close-to-the-throat wear . 
delicate and still seems to be strong , love it and can switch from one silver item to another . 
Imagine my daughter as it is advertised as nickel free . 
Regardless , I'm happy with the ones I bought myself and my daughter has not complained the necklace I gave her has broken her out ( & have seen it on her ) , so like whichever one it is . 
I received this quickly and it is a pretty little chain that is ideal for a light weight pendant . 
It's on the delicate side , so you wouldn't want to yank on it , but that's expected since it's labeled as " Very Thin . " 
I ordered my chain on the 8th and got it on the 11th only 3 days later with free shipping . 
U Can Tell Its of Fine QUALITY . 
Best necklace ever ! 
Beautiful shine , right length . 
I'm in love ... 
It's perfect for my two favorite pendants . 
Best pick . 
I have been wearing this chain since it arrived and it is very fine but very strong . 
Fits well and comfortably . 
Can also be used just to protect from the elements . 
Decent balaclava , but much too small for my liking . 
That's great in ALL regards , except for comfort on my face . 
However , the lightness can be nice for cool , early-winter / late-spring rides . 
This was bought for my grandson , which he absolutely loves . 
It washed nicely and wears great . 
It's also warm and great for layering especially with the winter we just had . 
I'll update this once I am able to test them out some more.But I just picked up a 3 - pack of these at Walmart for $ 7.50 ( they're not plain white though - they're boys colors - blues ) . 
Of course , you're experience may be completely different ... Needless to say they were returned . 
The KEEN Men's Targhee II , Hiking Shoe , Cascade Brown / Golden Yellow are almost as comfy as the Newport water shoe . 
Fit was definitely what I expected and needed.One of the previous reviewers mentioned something like feet would sweat . 
This is the ONLY think I wish KEEN could figure out better . 
I know they are ' water proof ' so I know the downside of that . I would buy this shoe again and of course other shoes from KEEN . 
Great bra . 
It also fits strangely . 
Perhaps without the " bump pad " the bra wouldn't feel like it was crushing my chest.So far it's been the best strapless bra I've ever had for the simple fact that it's stayed up on its own thanks to those sticky bits along the edges . 
These are great . 
Super cozy and comfortable . 
They can be wore outside ; however , I have not done that . 
I was very skeptic about paying $ 85 for a pair of house slippers . 
The lamb's fur is so comfortable to my feet that I look forward to putting them on ! ! 
Uggs are great snow boots to pull on when you have to do something quick and you don't feel like lacing up snow boots . 
I was worried at first that these boots were too small since my big toe almost hit the end of the boot . 
They are warm and the height is perfect with the snowfall we've had . 
Sometimes it's a bit of work taking on and removing the boots since they are not slip-ons . 
Warm , but not uncomfortable to wear indoors at a restaurant , etc . 
Boots are very good quality.UPDATE : Now that snow is melting , I find these boots do not keep my feet dry . 
Great in snow , no good in rain . 
After going back and forth for about 3 years , I finally broke down and bought them for my daughter . 
I have two pairs of Ugg boots and these fit perfectly ! 
They're very comfortable and warm . 
Best winter boot I have ever owned . 
these are the best boots . 
i have very wide feet and have problems finding shoes that fit . 
They fit fine , they are warm , they are comfortable , and I love this grey . 
I am actually finding that I use this color more than any of my other uggs . 
It was a gift and turned out great . 
My sister was happy and that is all that mattered.Also , came in a timely manner ! 
I always wanted a pair of Uggs ... and these did not disappoint ... I enjoy wearing them and they fit great ... keep my feet nice and warm without socks ... I would highly recommend them ... 
She never buys herself anything so I figured I would . 
They are easily cleaned because we used the protector kit . 
She would highly recommend these . 
They were expensoiv e . I hope they live up to the hype . 
The color of these look as they do in the photo . 
This was a Christmas gift for my grand daughter , she was thrilled and elated to get them . 
Warm comfortable , well made . 
Got these as a Christmas present for someone . 
They absolutely love these and still wearing them two years later . 
I have a pair myself and can testify that they keep your feet really warm and toasty especially if you use public transit and have to be outside waiting for trains . 
I love the way they look , the way they feel , the flexibility of the cuff ... Yay Uggs ! 
I bought these for myself and glad I purchased them very comfortable and easy to put on when your on the go love these . 
These have the usual high quality I've come to expect from Uggs . 
I purchased the purple velvet , which is not quite as dark as I expected , but is a nice deep color . 
I have been a big Uggs fan for 20 + years and am delighted to see the variety they now sell . 
These are well made and the fit is a tiny bit snug but will ease after the shearling mats down . 
Love these ! 
I didn't give them 5 starts because the shoe laces are a problem . 
Other than the problem with the laces , they slippers are fantastic . 
I got my first pair of Ugg slippers well over a decade ago , and I held onto them until recently . 
I finally decided that they'd had enough love , and replaced them with this pair . 
They are fantastic ! 
Look good and feel good . 
I love them . 
I have one pair for outdoor wear , another used as a daily slipper . 
I hope this version of the Ugg slipper is always on the market , readily available . 
The comfort is perfect , the quality is top-notch . 
I love these slippers . 
They are snug and super comfortable . 
These are nice socks , but to me ... overpriced . 
They fit great and are nice and cushy . 
Very comfortable , soft and warm . 
Great sock still but are not a soft as a few years ago . 
But is still the softest out there that I know of . 
The red is a beautiful true red and has not faded after repeated washings . 
She loved these and said the quality was excellent . 
True to size , soft and very comfortable , The weathered denim makes this wonderful hat feel like an old favorite right out of the box ! 
Nice and soft and very attractive . 
May be hats shouldn't be bought on line . 
I used mink oil to condition them and they look great . 
Very comfortable , would buy again . 
They are probably the most comfortable shoe he owns as he now wears them just to hit Lowe's ! 
He waded through a bit of water and his feet stayed nice and dry . 
Highly recommended ! 
Seriously , those boots is all I ever wore , work , home , beach , etc . 
Trying things like the popular " C " shoes , sneaks , etc . 
Their sizes run a tad small and definitely not as wide . 
And the leather will surely stretch , it always does.The quality of these is amazing . 
They have a great build quality , seems to be very comfortable though I have just started wearing them today . 
They do accommodate an orthodic , but not as well as some other wide boots may . 
I figure a pair of boots , worn all day and night , might last 9 months - 1 year , if I get more that is great . 
They are awesome boots and feel very comfortable , even on someone who has major foot issues with fit / comfort / etc . 
They are working out well . 
So , I can only hope these hold up as well ... so far , so good . 
I love the Haggar pants because they are always a good fit . 
The light material also makes for a comfortable wear in the office and on weekends . 
I love the Haggar line of pants and will definitely purchase many more . 
They are more of a brushed demin . 
not right at all , there was a pair of Haggars mens slacks , slick and smooth yet very comfortable to wear with summer and fall ... I thought thee were the ones , I have to look again , thats all . 
I love this anorak ! ! 
It is a pretty color and made for a womans figure , not all anoraks are . 
Fits perfect , looks good on and runs true to size . 
May go back and buy in a different color ! 
~ Why do I dread this ? Because this is such an incredible jacket that I am concerned that they will sell out and be hard to get if anyone finds out how great this hooded pullover is.The fit is PERFECT.Other reviewers complained [ sorry folks ! ] 
I order my usual jacket size and when I tried it on , I was surprised that it was a perfect and relaxed fit . 
It has a ruggedly satin texture on the outside and the inside is lined with a clear flexible plastic-vinyl-type material that keeps the rain off of you . 
It has air holes under the arm pits for ventilation . Quantitatively , this jacket weighs exactly 10.1 ounces making it a very light-weight [ qualitative value ] jacket to wear hiking long-distances [ for me 500 miles ] . When I first tested it , it was pretty cold outside and it kept me snuggly warm . 
Though I have not used it in a torrential downpour , so far it has performed well in the rain . 
The material is a little heavier and of a higher quality than expected . 
Charles River was always one of my favorites and this pull over jacket just became my favorite go-to for warmer weather . 
Wore it in the rain , and kept me dry , washes beautifully too . 
Sizing is true to size . 
I like the color and it was comfortable enough .. but this is a pretty basic design that is fairly outdated . 
It's done a good job with keeping water off of my clothes though , so there's that .. 
i like seiko watches , that one is a kinetic one . 
it works well and is very suitable . 
He says the boots are comfortable and true to size . 
He wears them to work and I may buy him another pair for everyday use . 
Good for hiking , walking in snow and slush . 
More than i expected , i'm usig them for camping and somtimes in the city and it's nice to walk , thanks 
They feel very comfortable and form fitted to my foot . 
Only one word to describe them : amazing ! 
They were incredibly comfortable and my feet only started to hurt around in the last three miles ( although that could very well have been just the tiredness ) . 
I felt that my ankles were well supported , and generally felt pretty like I could take on whatever the terrain could throw at me . 
There were two deeper lines and a few shallow scratches on the leather . 
However , I figured that I would be taking them through rough areas anyway , so I decided to keep them . - I also followed the advice from " A Kid's Review " and rubbed mink oil on the boots before taking them out . 
I also got a pair of merino wool socks ( Terramer ) to wear with them . - I was hiking in 80F weather and while I did find them warm , I didn't find them too hot or stuffy . 
I have had these boots for only 4 days , but each of the 4 days I had to walk through the snow / slush and I was kept dry and warm . 
I am so glad that I bought these and they have paid for themselves in the past 4 days.Highly recommended ! ! 
Perfect for winter , durable , warm , and nice looking . 
Although this winter hasn't been that harsh , I wore them whenever I had the chance , just for the sake of it . 
left one fit and felt good but the right one was somewhat crooked . 
A great ankle-height boot that will be tough in hiking conditions but flexible when needed . 
This product was well worth he money spent and will be of great help in many hiking environments . 
Good tread , toe kick , sole seem able to handle pavement or trails . 
Reasonably comfy out of the box . 
Only negative is a bit of a bulge in leather on one boot , slight but noticeable . 
Very strong materials and very well made . 
They are very comfortable , they fit perfectly , they last for years and years and they are great for running . 
These are great . 
and it didn't look all that cool with jeans , plus not much protection if you kick or drop something . 
since the minimal style didn't do it for me anymore , i rolled the dice on the 574 ' s as they had a touch more boot look to them than the more form-fitting tigers.got the black because i live in L . A . ( joke ) and they go well with jeans . 
also , as a photog , i don't like big brite shoes when i'm sneaking up on someone.out the box they fit perfect , and surprisingly were quite comfortable ( surprising as i was used to paying lots more for decent trainers , like airmax's and the like ) . 
can't think of a negatory thing to say.will note that i have always been the guy to get the expensive technical athletic shoe in black to use as a everyday kick around shoe . 
most $ 180 technical shoes i forked over the cash for didn't offer more in comfort than these 574 ' s , and tended to wear the wearer rather than look like a true sport shoe without taking over.if you like the 70s and 80s colors and different fabrics , these offer the choices . 
the non-suede black they have now has white soles and other white accents looking ok , but not the full on black us sophisticated egos in L . A . want.great shoe . 
EVER . 
I prefer Vedette products ( compression ) better . 
Fits well and there is no problem with waistband rolling down or legs rolling up . 
However , I felt the tummy control was too light for my tastes . 
Will look for something a bit sturdier . 
I used the size chart to order by my waist size : I'm a fairly toned 28 with a post-baby pooch and medium fits great without any muffin action above or below . 
Sad , but true . 
These are a great pair of well fitting moccasins . 
I brought another pair and they fit okay but not as comfortable as these . 
I like these style to wear at work as I dont ' need to wear wingtips anymore . 
I have purchased several jackets and now these overalls and as always Carhart makes a quality product . 
I bought a pair for My Son who works out in these elements ! 
HOWEVER , FINDING A 42X34 IS NOT AVAILABLE IN ANY OF THE OTHER COMPANIES , WITH THESE OUTSIDE OF HIS WORK UNIFORM , THEY NEED TO BE THIS LARGE ! ! 
AFTER SHOPPING AT SEVERAL STORES WE COULD't find anything CHEAPER.Not another Store BUT NOT LONG ENOUGH ! PLUS THEY ACTUALLY COST MORE Yet were not the made ANYWHERE as WELL as These were ! They wash Up well , dry almost complety Than hang on a hanger & They look Like brand NEW ! 
KEEPS COLD OUT & HEAT IN ! 
His usual size is 32x30 , but I sized up to give him room for long underwear on cold days . 
Very comfortable and warm . 
of all the shoes these bought for my wife these fit best easily adjustable no issues width or length great design sexy shoe for all occasions 
This slipper is attractive , well-made , and serviceable . 
These are nice looking , comfortable , and budget-friendly slippers . 
They are surprisingly plush and the design is pleasing and nicely rendered . 
They are comfortable , warm and I wear them every day . 
God Bless Her . 
They are very comfortable . 
Look at the sole . 
These will last a long time as long as I keep them away from her . 
My puppy ate my previous slippers and I was worried I wouldn't find another pair with the same comfort . 
I love these slippers . 
They fit great and are super comfortable . 
They have a nice sole on the bottom which prevents slipping , perfect for our tile floors . 
We have wood floors throughout most of our home so I need something warm and that won't slip all over . 
I also have a high instep so I need a slipper that gives me enough room on top . 
These are so comfortable and warm . 
I love them . 
This is my second pair of these slippers . 
They are so comfortable . 
Fit perfectly and wash up nicely . 
This is a nice house shoe . 
Haven't washed yet but feel confident they will wash well . 
I will wash again and give to my granddaughter . 
Very comfortable and warm . 
Colour is as advertised and size is perfect 
These are the greatest slippers I have ever purchased . 
The support and comfort is outstanding . 
Very comfortable and they are useful for outdoor and indoor use , especially around the deck . 
They sustain a lot of abuse put to it , after several months and a wash , they're good as new . 
They ran a little small but Amazon exchanged them . 
Enjoying these slippers . 
so comfortable ! I wear it every day around the house , sometimes outside getting the mail . 
i machine wash it on dedicates , cold water and it comes out ok . air dry it . 
Lovely slippers , love the color and the fit , very comfortable standing and doing whatever . 
Love these clog slippers ! 
They are extremely comfortable , and are exactly as seller described them . 
I'm so pleased with my purchase , and I highly recommend them . 
Nice job Isotoner and Amazon ! 
The slipper is attractive and fits to size . 
However , the sole is very uncomfortable . 
The blue color is beautiful . 
Love the shoes with the exception of large fit . 
Love these . 
Haven't had them long enough to wash yet , but they are quite sturdy . 
They have a stiff , synthetic sole , but the inside footbed is soft and so is the rest of the slipper . 
Embroidery is cute and I feel look feminine . 
They are very comfortable . 
Hoping they will loosen up in time because they are a great color and I love the embroidered design . 
The terry fabric is soft and the sole is padded for extra comfort . 
These are fine . 
They're so comfortable that I've worn through several pairs of them . 
Fit great , do well in the washer and dryer . 
These are the most comfortable slippers I have ever owned . 
Having said that , I must agree with the other reviewers that they definitely run small . 
These slippers are very soft and comfortable . 
These work , but are a little snug . 
I like these for inside the house easy to launder and are comfortable . 
You don't feel the embroidered flowers on the inside . 
I found that it was down right painful to take off . 
I pretty much forgot I was wearing it , though taking it off felt weird ( not uncomfortable , just weird since it's sticky residue ) . 
They definitely take practice to get them on but they also allow different looks . 
It is very light and provides enough support to wear with tops and dresses . 
not very happy with this product , it fit as expected and I overall did not like this product , it was uncomfortable 
This is same quality as nybra I used to buy and cheaper , plus freeshipping . 
I'm not happy with the fit at all . 
I needed a pair of boots for a wedding and had been wanting to get some for awhile anyway . 
It still worked alright though . 
Other than that they are great ! 
Having bought these for work , I was initially very pleased with the look and comfort . 
It was out of amazons return policy window , so I just threw them in the trash . 
I love these slippers . 
I am also ordering a pair for the man in my life for his birthday . 
He is going to love them . 
Since I have a wide foot , they always fit . 
Otherwise , they are great to keep my feet warm when I am sitting . 
I received these just in time for the midwest's arctic blast that chilled the wood floors in my home . 
I think they're worth the price I paid for them and hopefully they last me a while . 
The rubber sole has good grip for climbing my un-carpeted stairs . 
I'm very pleased with this purchase so far and I would definitely recommend them or buy them as a gift . 
I'm also impressed with the other styles and colors of slippers and house shoes I've seen by the Acorn brand on the internet . 
These are nice slippers , warm but they are wide so I have to wear socks ! 
Arrived a few days ago , and I am happy with my purchase . 
The slippers fit true to size , and are comfortable . 
I hope they continue to be a comfort several months from now . 
They are also really cute and attractive . 
Love the fact that these are washable . 
Both my husband and I needed new slippers so I'm very happy with the Acorn brand for both of us . 
These are my second pair , the first one wore a hole in the side but I wore them for a couple years . 
Love them . 
I bought two pair for my daughter and granddaughter and they both say they love the comfort and the softness of the slipper . 
Very warm and comfortable , I don't find myself in the house during the winter without them on . 
Very warm , and hard sole allows for walking indoors / outdoors with ease . 
Fit a little large , work ok with socks . 
I have a women's pair and I practically live in them when I'm home . 
However , the inside of the slipper felt weird . 
Not like the fleece it appeared to be , but very synthetic and ultra smooth , like I was walking on sliding fabric . 
They're comfortable and warm , but whether or not they're also durable will only show with time . 
They appear well constructed , and there are no parts , threads or tabs flapping in the breeze . 
The sole edge rides high on the sides , and the grip is quite good . 
They appear to be sized properly . 
I ordered a pair for me and they are very warm . 
I also ordered a pair for my Mom for christmas as they keep your legs warm . 
Doubt I will ever purchase another brand as these are comfortable , can be worn outside , and don't tend to make my feet sweat . 
Love these ! 
Great price , great fit perfect visor . 
I don't like those roll up visors and this had a larger visor brim than the standard cloth visors . 
Great lightweight visor with comfy fit band . 
The visor brim is just a bit larger and I like the extra coverage from the sun ! 
It didn't curve properly . 
I misted it with water from a spray bottle and laid a long wooden handled brush ( just what was handy ) over the top of the visor to hold it in proper form . 
This will be an easy method to use again in case the visor gets smooshed in my carry on bag when traveling . 
The depth of the visor is large enough to really provide protection for my face . 
its a little big though I measured him but the vest was a little bigger , he can still wear it . 
Some of them zip shut , some velcro , and some just have flaps . 
There's also a huge pocket on the back , which I think will be perfect for a folded rain poncho . 
I try to support American industries when I can , although I do buy foreign when there's nothing else available . 
I bought these last year and I absolutely love them . 
They are so comfortable and my feet do not get cold . 
I love this boot ! ! ! 
Fits as expected and kept me warm which was totally unexpected . 
Talk about keeping your feet warm in the winter ! 
Love the boot , but they run a little small so I needed to remove the fur insert from one boot . 
I have received many great compliments on them . 
I think snow / winter boots all should have wide toe boxes , and it'd be nice if they had more comfortable insoles or room for you to put in your own . 
These are the warmest , most comfortable boots I've ever owned . 
I've had this pair for several years and I love them . 
The first couple weeks are pure hell because the sides are so stiff . 
Thick socks , and even wrapping bandannas around the leg where the top rubs is necessary . 
Then , all of a sudden , they are broken in and feel as natural as any shoe can feel . 
I LOVE these ! ! 
Bought these for my husband , and he's very happy with them . 
They keep his feet dry regardless of the weather , and it's nice to have the steel toes when he's out working . 
These are a good , solid quality and fit as expected . 
Good , not great but gets the job done . 
I recommend these for light work and wet conditions when needed . 
She is very happy with them and states that they keep her feet very dry . 
( My hiking boots Are 12.5 or 13 . 
I don't know what I would do without this shine - I keep it in my desk drawer at work , and touch up my shoes regularly . 
made my old brown shoes look like new again , I used it once in 2 months and it holds the color well . 
it made my light brown shoes the darker shade it needed . 
shipping was great too . 
I purchased the Kiwi Color Shine in black , to be used for a pair of black loafers . 
It goes on easily and works well . 
. Yes , I've had this boot for several years and it's ooh sooo warm on those frigid winter hunts . 
I keep a pair in my car throughout the winter in case of a break-down . 
That provides some peace-of-mind of long trips on compact snow and ice here in the Inland Northwest.The boots run a little large , but I expect that is to accommodate heavy wool socks or two pair of socks . 
Sorel boots are some of the best out there . 
This boot is warm , waterproof and big . 
It will work well in any winter conditions . 
Very comfortable to walk in and has good grip in snow . 
The insoles of my loafers kept popping out but after applying shoe goo as instructed they have been solidly in place . 
I keep a few extra tubes in the workshop because it is durable , pliable and waterproof and a valuable asset in many hobbies . 
The important thing is to clean the threads on the tube and the cap after each use and it will last for months . 
I use a small rag dampened with acetone or mineral spirits to clean the tube and cap after each use.Before I apply Shoe Goo , I clean whatever I'm " gooing " with 91 % Isopropyl alcohol.For a quick and effective repair , the uses are endless . 
I've used it on vehicles , ATVs , outdoor electrical projects and small construction projects when I didn't need an entire tube of caulking sealant or adhesive.Just recently , I attached a 2 - inch wide nylon strap to the sole of a pair of tennis shoes to use with exercise latex bands . 
Not easy to spread , making lumps on the bottom of the shoe . 
I love these boots for what I purchased them for ... 
They are definitely not fashion boots . 
I bought them to keep my feet warm and dry in the cold and snow , and they do both very well . 
I do know it can shrink if you put it in the dryer so maybe wash and dry it to make it fit better.It does do a great job to protect from the sun 
Great hat and value . 
Very pleased with the quality and comfort . 
It keeps the windchill down and can keep your head and neck warm but not the the point of sweating . 
Also its easier to unbutton / unzip the neck of your jacket if you need a little ventilation after working up some heat . 
Beautiful color though ( royal blue ) . 
I am 5 ' 3 " and 1403 . 
I bought a medium ; which I figured would be big . 
However ; I prefer them big with my hips ! 
They are warm and very comfortable . 
I bought two pair . 
They fit great and are comfortable . 
But heck , these are sweats . 
I give this product five stars because of how comfortable they are . 
I like the comfort factor and color . 
Then , much too small . 
I am a true 34 in waist , not a gut hanging over the belt 34 . and these were at least a size to small . 
The supplier accepted my return ( I paid the postage ) USPS First class mail using the supplied return label and put the RMA document inside the package as required . 
After 10 days and hearing nothing back about the return , I contacted the seller via email through the AMAZON website and was informed that they had received my returned items and would expedite the process . 
Another 4 or 5 days I received a credit to my AMAZON account for the initial amount but not the return postage . 
They are cooler , absorb more perspiration , and do not " ride " like synthetic blend fabrics . 
Also the neutral color is recommended in the presence of sweat for avoiding rashes and irritation ( treadmill mileage ! ) 
Also at two pairs for 16 bux they are a real bargain . 
Fit well and are comfortable . 
current 190 lbs 33 " waist 
I purchased these for my husband and they look so sexy on him ! 
Husband says they are comfortable . 
This product feels good , with perfect fit , good for sports and just to look good also . 
I love them 
These are my favorite briefs but very hard to find in stores so I am happy to be able to get them online . 
The cut is also part of the comfort factor ; roomy where they need to be , but tight where they need to be 
so they ride down on me during the day . 
they also ride low to start , but i wore them because the were fairly comfortable and cool because of the thin material and they had good coverage in the crotch . 
they also have a double ; layer of cloth at the crotch , which helps reduce rubbing on sensitive parts . 
oh yeah they cover the buttocks well and don't ride up on me there either . 
But , it's soft and comfy , and it really like it anyway , not so small that I need to return it . 
I needed a dark shirt , I love denim ( don't judge ) . 
Haven't been disappointed with Port & Co . 
I ordered my normal size of 9 but my toes just touched the tip . 
The last pair I bought feel apart in a few months and I can tell these are very well built and very comfortable . 
Great looking slipper with quality materials . 
This is my second pair . 
My original pair was the fleece lined model and this pair is terry lined . 
The terry lined model runs slightly smaller and narrower than the fleece lined version . 
Still fits but is a different color and tight . 
I have a new whirlpool washer which washes warm and all rinses are cold . 
I can change the first wash to hot and it is still warm . 
Bought for my cleaning lady and she likes very well . 
Very simple , functional and useful . 
The material is not too thin and I love the pockets and the adjustable neck . 
This apron is beautifully made , has great coverage , and the pocket is very handy . 
The color is lovely.For me , there is one problem , though . 
I live in a warm , humid , climate . 
I tend to be warm myself . 
I find that even with the a / c on , the apron seems to add a lot more warmth than the " cheapie " aprons that I usually pick up at the flea market.As a result , I find that I can only use this apron comfortably in the cooler weather . 
has a little flap like pocket inside to stick something small like a couple of pacifiers . 
keep it mind it doesn't have a closure at the top . 
It's nice and well made too . 
The burgundy color is not as ' blingy ' as pictured , but it's still a pleasing shade as pictured . 
love this color and the roominess of this bag . 
I shall return it because it isn't the color I need . 
The vest itself is a nice vest , just the wrong color . 
This is a great basic piece for any wardrobe . 
This vest is great for warmth , comfort and style . 
The color is great and it is well made . 
It fits perfectly . 
I ordered my usual coat size and it fits nicely over a sweater or sweatshirt . 
I love the pockets ( inside and out ) and it keeps me warm on a cool morning without being too warm as a coat would be . 
Otherwise it is great and love the color . 
My mother likes her new vest . 
It fits her perfectly with a little room for thicker tops , shirts or sweaters . 
The fabric is warm , soft , plush , and the zipper zips smoothly . 
These pockets are great and inside there are 2 pockets made from the outside pockets.We have not wash the vest so I don't know how it will hold up to washings . 
We hope that this vest will keep its shape and look . 
These are lightweight and very comfortable . 
The cons : The hem on the top and the pant bottom was unraveling out of the package with a long string attached . 
I love the feel of the material and how it fits . 
I am large breasted so I am always concerned it the pants will be too big . 
There is a nice elastic on them and they fit very nicely . 
I am 5 ' 3 " and the length is perfect . 
They do not bunch and I can turn easily . 
My wife loved these PJs . 
great material , soft and comfy . 
I have purchase this pajama set in pink , nice color , my size fit excellent and very please with this pj's . 
They wash very good and color still the same ! 
I will recommend these pj's to any woman look for pj's . 
They wash well also . 
These are so comfortable and I love wearing them . 
I will be ordering more in the future . 
This is absolutely a very stunning ring . 
the size as expected but the color is deferent not the same as showing on the pictureit's olive not brown , so make sure to choose the correct color . 
I just ordered one more with different color . 
They're a bit strange in fit for my body ( I'm 5 ' 6 " , 140lbs , pretty athletic build ) - they fit slightly loose after a wash at the waist , but they're a tiny deal tighter around the calves and thighs than expected . 
My girlfriend ( and to her ire , girls at work ) think they make my butt look awesome lol . 
The attachments you can get and the versatility of it is great ! 
It ends up in his neck , so he can't use it . 
Not going to return this as it was cheap . 
Very nice color . 
Fit great . 
However the inseam was sewn too close to the edge and I had to sew a small tear at the seam . 
The price is right and this belt is good for what it is intended . 
Very seldom used , but looks very nice with gray slacks . 
I wish the drawers stuck in a little better as they just fall out when you are handling the box . 
The music is clear and sweet . 
I bought the " 34/36 D / DD " and it fits wonderfully . 
It's very supportive and comfortable . 
It's great to find a bra that actually keeps everything in place while working out ! 
This is by far the best bra I have ever purchased and I have purchased a lot of them ( and paid big prices for them too ) . 
What I love about this bra is that it fits perfectly in all areas that you want support and provides superb coverage . 
I'm actually an in between size so this does the job perfectly . 
I was hoping to love this bra . 
Not supportive as advertised . 
This is my second purchase of one of these bras . 
It's just an all-around comfortable bra . 
Oh well . 
decent bra for large breast 
Fits as expected , I up the band size of all my sports bras . 
But the protect me feet and I love the color ! 
I bought for my wife and she loved it . 
I also wear these in spa settings to prevent potential athlete's foot bacteria that is often present in those warm humid environments . I particularly love the bright turquoise color and quality durability expected from the Speedo brand . 
I look forward to swimming with these . 
I have been walking around but it has been a bit chilly to take the plunge . 
These are great aqua shoes . 
The best quality and very sturdy . 
I bought these for my husband to use with the Jet ski . 
The most comfortable swim shoe my husband has ever put on . 
My feet are very sensitive so it's even hard for me to go swimming in assuming pull these make it easy for me to walk around outside and in the water , not to mention the beach 
I love them . 
They're bright and colorful and deeps her steady on sand / water and lets her chase the birds without getting burned toes . 
Will be ordering a larger size this year . 
Good beach shoe . 
Seems like it will be comfortable , soft inside no seems to rub on toes . 
These are great adjustable water shoes . 
My son wore them all summer last year and they fit great and easy to wash . 
My granddaughter wears these shoes everywhere . 
The pool the beach , and at home . 
Easy to put on and remove too . 
They are some of the most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . 
They work with jeans , slacks , and skirts . 
The top part of the shoe over the front is somewhat tight . 
Too tight to wear and be comfortable . 
The foot bed is so comfortable . 
Larger sizes for women that are comfortable are hard to find . 
This one fits true to size . 
If you like a slightly snug fit , then take your real size . 
Here in Austin , we go for comfort ! 
The fabric is also nice and soft , not that fabric that feels " cardboardy " . 
Very smart looking shoe though and seems like it will be comfortable . 
Great product for keeping that tie in place , happy to find them again , they work perfectly without ever being seen . 
I love these jeans . 
Comfortable , warm . 
Perfect for me though . 
Men are not like women when it comes to a million different shapes and sizes , they are pretty generally alike in most ways and most differences . 
He loved these and they fit perfect everywhere ! 
We were able to keep all nine pair , when I had expected to return many of them and re-order , I love , love , love that many sellers have free returns making shopping a breeze ! 
I have Carhartt fleece lined blue jeans and these flannel lined carpenter's pants , and love them both . 
When I wear long johns in cold weather I always get hot and clammy working in a heated space , but the lined pants feel just as warm outside and yet inside are as comfortable as wearing unlined pants . 
Very comfortable for all-day-wear.Lining does not encroach on the fit . 
With these and a pair of long johns I could be outside with temperatures in the teens and be okay . 
They allow for freedom of movement and are warm with a soft flannel inside . 
Another plus on these , I have bought several pair . 
They are consistently sized . 
Thin enough not to make your foot sweat , but thick enough to give some cushion . 
The socks are decent and filt well , but they do make your feet too warm and don't wick away much moisture . 
Comfortable and inexpensive , these socks fit well and are quite inexpensive . 
I got this bag as a sports tote for my 8 year oldInside we are able to fit-water bottle-soccer ball - 2 pairs of shin guards-extra child sized adidas track pants-child sized mesh soccer short-childs sized sports jersey-childs sized under armour shirt-soccer cleatsand we have plenty of room to add more items , remember these are childs sized items I haven't used it for an adult yet but I am going to use it as a gym bag once sports are over with for the yearPros-well made-roomy for a small tote-looks exactly as picturedThe only issue I have with the bag is that it doesn't have multiple pockets its one open area inside but for the price who cares its a nice bag and I am glad I purchased it . 
This is truly a great gym bag , only thing is i remember reading on the tag theres an extra pocket somewhere - theres no extra pocket . 
Its the perfect size and cute as well . 
I love my bag and the quality is great . 
I bought some bags to hold shampoos , soaps and deodorant . 
Bag is a great size even though the description says small . 
Wish more colors available in my size ( 13B ) and wish that the shoe did not cost so much . 
The shoes are very pretty but very small and narrow for a medium . 
I would greatly prefer this shoe in brown to be a darker brown rather than " mustard brown " - the shoes themselves , I love . 
They are so comfortable from the very first day and only get to be more comfortable as they are broken in . 
It is exceedingly narrow and very uncomfortable . 
Style and comfort come together for the classic look and fit . 
These loafers are the epitome of grace and style with any outfit and in any setting . 
You'll love them ! 
These are very comfortable shoes . 
Very nice shoe . 
Fabric is soft and comfortable to wear . 
The top of the leg warmers are a bit tight , so I don't pull them all the way up as pictured . 
The sit more half thigh on me , however they are still comfortable . 
The Warner's were a little thin , thus they did not fit all the way up my thigh , but they are warm . 
It is well made , the size is as described , and I think the price is very reasonable . 
The snake type chain is not one of my favorites , and I am pleased that I can easily replace the chain if I so choose . 
She seemed very pleased . 
I knew that I had made a good choice in choosing this gift for her . 
I later bought one for myself and two more for gifts for my daughters . 
The idea is " everyone needs a guardian angel , " and hopefully , the wearers will have warm fuzzies ( and maybe , just maybe , they will think of me ) when they wear their angel . 
These are very well made and give more fabric to the seat and thighs . 
I'm very happy with this style of Wrangler Jeans because they look like jeans not clown pants . 
The color is spot on for my lifestyle . 
When it comes to care , I turn them inside out to wash and dry . 
I'm very happy to recommend them . 
Smooth line , no bumpy frills . 
Hopefully will be softer after washed . 
Sizing is not consistent across different styles from the same brand . 
I love wigwam socks , they are super comfortable , wick away moisture , stay very dry , very warm , all day long . 
This is my only pair that has silk in them and they are extra comfy but wick away moisture a little less than the straight wool ones ( most are 60/40 and 80/20 ) 
Not sweaty in summer but warm in winter , keeps the shape and is generally a pleasure to wear . 
I occasionally take the bus and in Iowa winter weather can be harsh . 
I was skeptical as some of my dress shoes have long pointed ends , but these overshoes work perfectly . 
easy to take on and off . 
covers the shoe fairly well . 
I worn them in the ice and snow and slush while in Wisconsin during the holidays and they had good traction and protected my shoes . 
Not the most stylish , but the work over my leather loafers and sneakers as well . 
He was pleased and planned to use them , but the trip was canceled , so we aren't sure if he will really enjoy stomping in puddles in these overshoes , but we are hopeful . 
Keep in mind they are sized a bit small . 
I'm a 38 E and have a hard time finding a bra that I love , this is it . 
Was way too large and didn't look right on either . 
The bra really digs in on the sides and was extremely uncomfortable . 
My breasts also squeezed out of the top a bit creating the dreaded quadra-boob . 
This bra fits great and is very comfortable . 
I would recommend it to anyone looking for a comfortable , great fitting bra . 
I have never found a more flattering , comfortable , supportive full-figured bra than the Dream Tisha . 
Love this bra hope it is in stock for a while ! 
I am very happy with the bra ! 
And I may purchase more of a different color . 
THe fabric is very pretty though and the shoulder straps are comfy enough . 
This is a bra that fits just right , especially if you are large busted . 
It is very comfortable and the material is so soft and doesn't poke you anywhere . 
The quality is good and it looks nice . 
I'm happy . 
The color is spot on and the size is ample which my snow-ploughing boyfriend loves : favorite scarf he ever had ... and the price is amazing . 
It keeps my head and neck warm in 30 degree weather ( as cold as it gets here ) . 
I have some great boots for snow , rain , and general bad weather - and a lot of western boots . 
It easily pulls off all of my snug fitting boots , rain or western . 
I highly recommend . 
You can spend a lot more money for a boot jack and if you're a daily boot wearer then maybe it is justified . 
My friend loved this little box with the friends on the lid . 
It is small so just a perfect size . 
Bought the keepsake box to give as presents . 
I just love them and you will make a friends day . 
I was looking for a special gift for my best friend for Christmas . 
This gift was perfect and she absolutely loved it ! 
Great fitting and feeling pants . 
they wash up really good and don't shrink . 
GREAT 
I am a big fan of Tyr swimsuits and have recently purchased two Tyr maxback durafast suits . 
It feels stiff and even after exchanging it for a size larger it still didn't feel comfortable . 
Pay a few extra dollars for the durafast . 
It does give me a uniboob look but it doesn't matter since I am not concerned about fashion during training . 
Very happy with the purchase . 
I swim laps about 3 times a week and am admittedly still overweight ( working on it ! ) . 
Both are still true . 
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this item , for the price it does what it says , keeps your head warm and gives you some protection from the wind and solar glare with the visor . 
Purchased along with neck warmer for use in event of colder and windier than anticipated weather on golf course - - placed in golf bag for emergency use ( occupies small space ) . 
Hat not worn , but tried on and was comfortable . 
But oh well , I still look cute in it . 
The hat is warm , looks good , and the sides can be turned down , to keep your ears warm . 
The price was also reasonable , making this a very good buy . 
My son has enjoyed the hat and wore it when the weather was cold . 
He likes this style and said it has a nice Bill . 
Soft and comfortable sandal , and can't beat it for the price.They do get a little squishy when they get wet . 
These are THE most comfortable flip flops ever ! 
I want a pair in every color ! 
i already have these flip flops and they are the most comfortable flip flops in the world . 
These are by far the most comfortable flip flops , or slippa's if you from Hawaii , you can buy . 
However , when the price dropped to $ 9 , I had to upgrade . 
I would recommend these to anyone looking for a comfortable and durable pair of slippas . 
My husband put them on and said they were very comfortable . 
The bottom feel nice and not too soft , but they are cushions 
My husband claims that these are not as comfortable or as soft as his older pair . 
Kept them anyway . 
Still a fan of Sanuk . 
These are definitely more comfortable than the Beer Cozy Double Jute flip flops , which I also own , although I have to say the Double Jute are a little better looking ( in my opinion ) . 
Great for lounging around or long periods of standing . 
If you like thin flip flops or want to play some ultimate frisbee in flip flops , then these are not the pair for you . 
Since I own over a dozen pairs of various flip flops , these serve a valuable place in the lineup . 
Also , they look pretty good . 
I love Sanuk flip flops but have very wide feet . 
I got these for my husband that needed a new pair of flip flops . 
Then look nice too ! 
1 . 
The strap is made of super soft nylon ( think spandex biker pants from the 1980s ) so the only thing rubbing your foot is smooth as silk . 2 . 
The company is eco-friendly in their production , packaging , and fair trade wages for workers . 
The bed is thick , conforms to the foot , and includes ARCH SUPPORT.Overall , you definitely should give these a try , even if you are used to comfy Rainbows or Reefs . 
Love sanuks , SO comfortable ! ! 
I just ordered another pair in a different color . 
So glad I found these , and they look great too . 
They're so comfortable that I can wear them all day without complaint.The bands across the top do start out somewhat tight , but they loosen up so that they're perfect after a couple days of use . 
These are my second pair of yoga mat flip flops and I will be back for more . 
These are the best flip flops ever ! 
They are so comfortable ! 
I want to get a pair in every color ! 
The aqua color looks great with a tan . 
The smell disappears after few days though . 
The bag is made primarily from tapioca root and supposedly uses less petroleum , energy , and water , so it claims to have reduced carbon footprint . 
They cleaned fine , but dried slowly . 
I did not use them around water yet . 
Extremely comfortable . 
Well made and looks great . 
Highly recommend . 
I love these . 
They are so comfortable . 
The yoga mat makes them really comfortable . 
Really comfortable , and the white leather straps are very clean and stylish . 
This is a great , easy , inexpensive shoe that looks nice enough that you can wear it to work . 
She has a wide foot and usually buys wide shoes . 
If you have a regular width foot , they would be fine . 
She loved the look and said the felt great other than not wide enough . 
My daughter has a pair and loves them . 
I wouldn't wear them to the pool or beach because of the sponginess factor , but out and about these are so comfortable ! 
I bought a pair of these flip flops at a store and loved them , but couldn't find them so I was happy to see them on Amazon . 
These are hands down the most comfortable shoes you will ever wear . 
Unlike other flip flops your feet do not slide around in them when they are wet . 
They have a huge amount of cushion to them , and you can walk over anything , gravel , etc ... without feeling anything through your shoes . 
They are extremely comfortable first time on . 
The right foot fit perfectly , the left was loose . 
I plan on ordering several pairs in different colors ! 
I've been wearing Sanuk's for about 5 years now and they are hands down the best flip flops I've ever owned . 
I usually live in them from the time the snow melts until it starts falling again . 
They are sturdy , they are comfortable , and they are lightweight . 
The yoga mat base is unbelievably comfortable , and stays comfortable even with regular use . 
The last point I want to make about these flip flops is that they are great for travel . 
I am a HUGE fan of Sanuk products . 
My collection seems to keep growing and growing ; however , after purchasing these shoes , I may never want another pair of shoes again ( this coming from a shoe addict ) . 
Great traction , the foot doesn't slide , the toe part does not dig into any part of the foot and they are aesthetically pleasing ! 
They are the gift that keeps on giving ! 
Besides the gorgeous aqua color , these thongs fit so well and the color says summertime is here . 
These are the most cushioned , comfortable flip flops I've ever worn . 
They are the best hands down . 
And they come in so many color options ! 
I am pretty much in love with these shoes . 
I got these from Amazon in the Gun color which has fuchsia trim . 
This is a good price , so I'll keep this pair , but it's not quite up to par of the new ones my sister bought just a month ago.These from Amazon are not quite a cushy as what she bought ( the model for this year 2014 ) so I went ahead and paid the extra 6 dollars from Sanuk's site and got the new ' style ' in the coral color , which is not available here.The new model is indeed softer and cushier , and also fit just a bit better - the straps have slightly more ' give ' when slipping the foot into them . 
Beside my puma flip flops , these are deserving of 5 stars . 
Wow , are they comfortable , stylish and practical . 
Having lived in warm climates most of life , including Hawaii , I spend most of the year wearing flip flops am a serious connoisseur . 
The aqua is true to color ( on my monitor ) . 
Bags made of tapioca root use less petroleum , energy , and water , thus producing a lesser carbon footprint than ones made of plastic . 
Awesome.In addition to having had surgery on both ankles , I suffer from a chronic pain condition , so I'm all about comfortable shoes . 
They soles provide plenty of shock absorption which I really notice when compared to other flip flops.The straps are synthetic and well-made . 
They do not have that crappy fake leather look . 
The interior of the straps have an aqua and white gingham design that adds a nice detail and make the Sanuk Yoga Mat Flip Flops stand out . 
Unlike some flip flops with soft soles , these do not permanently mold to your foot but bounce back each time you take them off.If I had the cash floating around , I would absolutely own a pair of these in every color . 
Considering we had an unseasonably warm winter , I've worn these flip flops almost every day and other than the tiny chunk of sole ripped off by a foster kitten ( with seriously sharp teeth who chewed on everything ) , they still look practically new.Buy these now . 
Sanuks are the most comfortable flip flops ... I have 6 colors now to go with all my summertime and vacation outfits . 
These flip flops are very cushy and comfortable . 
Love sanuks , SO comfortable ! ! 
I want shoes that are comfortable and that I forget I am wearing . 
I had everyone in my family trying them on to see how comfortable they are . 
Now my husband and son each have a pair of the mens versions on their way . 
I am SO tempted to order one pair in every color . 
I was in the process of moving to start a new job and on day 1 I couldn't find my work shoes . 
I usually have a wife foot and these fit me perfectly . 
The top flap covers an elastic under it . 
The SAME pair . 
These have held up like a dream . 
It looks great . 
It fits great and it is comfortable , very comfortable . 
Bought these along with Men's Touareg Oxford , Brown Leather , 11.5 M slip lace-up's . 
Love old style leather shoes & my Thom McCans had seen better days . 
I thought they looked nice from the pics but these babies are really great up close - Thankfully they were a perfect fit , the leather is beautiful & soft ... both pairs are great shoes ... great decision - I'm a happy camper ! 
Look nice , good quality , and overall a good purchase , however , the shoes are somewhat narrow so if you have a wider-than-normal feet ( like me ) than I'd not recommend these shoes . 
I remember how great they were and my feet were always comfortable . 
Clarke has a reputation for making good comfortable shoes . 
I wanted a pair of Clarks because I had fond memories of the pair that I owned back in 1986 . 
These are a different style than i owned back in 1986 , but of the very same quality and comfort . 
These were a Christmas present for my Hubby , he needed another pair of work shoes . 
They look great , but they don't wear as great as they look at least not yet . 
They are somewhat small in the width , but the length is possibly a tad too long . 
He does plan on keeping them and has bought heal guards to help with the break-in process . 
Love old style leather shoes & my Thom McCans had seen better days . 
I thought they looked nice from the pics but these babies are really great up close - Thankfully they were a perfect fit , the leather is beautiful & soft ... great shoes ... great decision - I'm a happy camper ! 
The hubby needs dress up shoes for work but his job involved both desk work and physical stuff so he needs shoes that look nice but are sturdy and supportive . 
These worked great and have fantastic arch support . 
The WW wide works great and she loves them . 
We highly recommend for anyone who likes a comfortable mule style shoe . 
These were too small ( in my normal size ) and they didn't appear to be made very well . 
These are great when I want a shoe that isn't too dressy , but dresser than tennis shoes.Would have given a 5 star , but we're a little too wide . 
Loves these easy spirit shoes . 
Very comfortable and look great on . 
Great quality as well . 
Look great with jeans or any casual attire . 
I would definitely recommend these and my elderly Aunt has 4 pair ( 2 of which I bought her ) and she only wears these ( with socks ) . 
She and all the ladies at her assisted living home love them . I think they are so cute and the patent leather touch dresses them up a little - I even got a purse to match perfectly . 
Love them ! 
But , over all pleased . 
Love the color and comfort of this green shoe . 
The most comfortable shoes I have ever worn . 
This is my second pair in this color , the first pair will now be for rainy days . 
The fit was okay , but the glittery mesh on the shoe was somewhat gawdy for me . 
It didn't look that way in the photo . 
They are my go to shoes for travel and comfort . 
I bought the red and enjoyed them so much during the holiday season . 
They are also very very beautiful ! 
I can't afford to order another pair or send then back . 
Easy Spirit Travel Time Perfect Fit , Comfy Mule . 
I have very wide , short feet . 
Easy Spirit shoes work great for me.This mule is super comfortable . 
Comfortable to use all day . 
I have it in two colors . 
These shoes fit comfortably and are kind of cute with the little edge of camouflage around the edge of the soles . 
So I'm happy . 
Pretty comfortable . 
Straps are not adjustable , but comfortable . 
The bra seems to be of a good quality , however , the sizing is way too small . 
On behalf of my friend that I bought this for here is her review " I love this bra , it fits perfectly " She is a petite person and the length was just right . 
BUT it is a fabulous well made beautiful bra , so with the caveat to go up 4 inches , I highly recommend it . 
Incredible value ! 
It does an excellent job of shaping , the cup size is spot-on , and I liked that it clasps up the front . 
Gift for my father-in-law and he loved them . 
Had to exchange first pair for a bigger size but the second pair fit great . 
Fits perfect and super comfortable . 
Great for going outside and not having to change shoes . 
Just received them so I can't speak for the longevity of the boot . 
I sent them back and ordered a size 4 which is still slightly big but fit fine for my growing son . 
The fabric is not accommodating or stretchy at all , so be sure to get a larger size . 
These stunk so bad when we opened them , that we had to put them outside in the blizzard for 3 days before wearing . 
Have worn them through snow , slush , rain for two weeks and they are holding up so far . 
Bought them for a trip to the Oregon Coast - haven't tested in that environment just yet but its a rubber boot ( not a reinvented wheel ) . 
The rubber is soft enough that Im not worried about them getting uncomfortable for him . 
these boots were great for wide feet . 
Western Chief is a good brand that carries decent resale . 
So after 1 year of use , I was able to sale these on for $ 10 on a local resale Facebook page . 
These are the first shoes that he can but on himself since it has the loops on the top . 
They have help up really well , they are just rain boots so they are not very warm but they are a hit at our house . 
I travel weekly and love that I can roll this up to fit in crevices in luggage . 
There is also a large zippered area on the bag for other goodies . 
Here is her review " First off , love the color ! 
( Periwinkle ) It's a great size to pack away and the clear pockets are wonderful for finding everything without having to open every zipper . " ~ I bought this for her because she is in a wheelchair and this bag makes it easy for it to be hanging and in full view & access for her limitations . 
After using this toiletry bag for a year , I can only express my satisfaction from this product . 
My favorite feature is the detachable section which holds what I need for the shower , while keeping the rest of my make up and other items in the main sections . 
Yes , it is bulky when rolled up , but as I did with previous bags , I usually throw it in my suitcase at the last minute anyway and lay it flat . 
I really like the bright periwinkle color I chose . 
I have not used this yet but it looks exactly as it was described , was packaged very nicely , good quality with lots of special pockets . 
It will be perfect for a cruise . 
The bag , and the individual pockets , are large enough to hold everything I want to carry , without being bulky . 
I love Baggallini bags . 
I purchased it for travel and haven't done so yet . 
I think it will be great . 
These bags wipe down nicely . 
Definitely recommend most any Baggallini bag . 
My 3rd Baggallini in 10 mos - going for lightweight larger travel bags that'll double as purses and carry my lunch bag to school / work . 
This one performed beautifully giving me easy access to travel dox , Kindle , iPhone , water bottle , glasses / sunglasses , lipstick , pen , keys , business cards ( in snug inner pocket ) and more in the two outer snap-close pockets . 
And getting this one in black was with the idea of taking it out to dining later . 
Perfectly fine & quite classy with its all black ( no white stitching ) , tapered lines . 
But all the great styles & colors makes that tough to do ! 
They fit very good nice and warm and soft . 
Danskin is the best in cold weather These tights fit very well , nice and snug . 
I bought this scarf for my daughter who absolutely loved it . 
I thoughy the design , and colors , were [ erfectly matched . 
Made me feel good to find something so nice that was so apppreciated . 
As anyone who has ever wore a pair of Uggs know , these boots are comfy , warm and look cute with everything . 
I did not and I love them . 
they fit great . 
They fit her perfectly , and the colour is really nice . 
They also kept her warm on a recent trip to London and she didn't complain once about her feet hurting , although we did lots and lots of walking . 
These are great for winter ! 
Keep your legs warm and nice with about anything you wear ! 
Great quality and cost was good 
They form to your foot and I could wear them all day and night look great with my skinny Jeans ! 
If you don't understand ... the natural wool turned in and still attached to the hide facing out . 
Ridiculously warm , unbeatable moisture / vapor wicking and dispersement means no sweat even in warm weather . 
But they're comfortable to wear on cold days , which is why I wear them . 
The black dye does " leak " onto socks , so keep that in mind when buying the black boots . 
My wife tried on these boots in a different color in a mall store . 
She said they were warm , comfortable , like walking on air , but she wanted the chestnut color , which they didn't have . 
I ordered these boots for the color , but had to return them because they seemed to be about a half-size small compared to what she tried on in the store . 
They are surviving her walking through all the kinds of things she shouldn't in them and still looking surprisingly good . 
We are very happy . 
I have alot of these and love them all . 
Having a new pair is great ! 
I have received MANY compliments on them and they are so easy to wear . 
I live in midwest and needed warm up pants for outer layer in cool / cold months . 
Keeps me warm on coldest of days walking the dogs . 
The tagless Hanes underwear are very comfortable . 
The ones I purchased were comfortable , well made and sized correctly.What I love is the feel of real cotton . 
There is nothing quite like it in my opinion , and Hanes is one of the few brands that still offer underwear in that material . 
The cotton itself has a weave that is elastic ( not just the waistband , but the overall fabric ) , which adds to the comfort . 
These briefs appear to be made to last many wash cycles . I mentioned correct sizing . 
These briefs fit exactly the way the chart on the packaging claimed.Since the ones I purchased were solid black and solid gray I cannot speak to how well the colors hold up , but mine have already been through one wash cycle and they look brand new . 
This is a large silver pendant . 
It has a nice smooth finish , and the chain was a nice round chain . 
It also came in lovely packaging that required minimal effort to package as a gift . 
I bought this as a gift for my 22 - year old granddaughter & was very pleased with the lovely cutout design , the very sturdy chain and the " go with everything " look . 
Very pleased ! 
By the time warm weather is upon us , my boots are pretty ratty looking . 
It is far and away the best polish of all . 
Nothing will bring your shoes or boots back to life like Lincoln . 
If your footwear has white stitching , this will discolor it . 
If you do not mind darkened stitching , Use this . 
Two more words of advice . 
First , use good quality tools , get a good dauber , a good brush and a good buffing cloth . 
Second , it can help if you warm your boots up , either by placing them in the Sun or by using a hair dryer . 
The pores of the leather will open up and you can really work it into the leather . 
I am not very happy with the wax . 
When I received the product , it came damaged . 
Either way , I was not very happy . 
The wax seemed like it was not that fresh as well . 
It shines up to a nice mirror shine well and also stains worn leather quite nicely ( I also love the smell ) 
I bought two of these one for my friends and one for me . 
They're very nice . 
So , all in all I am quite pleased with the bandanas . 
My husband found this solid black one here on Amazon , and even though it was three times the price , he got it for me . 
For one thing , it is DEFINITELY NOT square . 
I have always bought size large snowsuits and they have fit well . 
The closing strap frayed after several month's use making it tough to buckle , but overall the bag was fine for holding a book , a cell phone , and some odds and ends . 
Makes me wonder what the heck they carry in it ! Right now I have a water bottle , wallet , phone , keys and kindle plus some snacks for my kids all stuffed in the inside pocket with space to spare.There is 2 small pockets on the outside I have a travel size bottle of lotion and 3 teabags in one the other has a med sized pocket knife.It is made to take a beating . 
I needed a bag to hold some fishing gear . 
This works very well . 
I could envision this being a great small camera bag ; a great binocular and outdoor book bag ; a first aid kit bag for the car ; or a storage bag for projects.There are three compartments . 
The strap is attached nicely.Overal a heavy duty bag that should provide lots of service . 
This bag fit the bill perfectly . 
Small pockets in front are fantastic for small things like Bourdeaux's Butt Paste , hand sanitizer , etc . 
A far cry from the intended purpose of this bag ( ammunition ) . 
OD green color beats the jungle animal rainbow diaper bags I found in local stores . 
It worked fantastic . 
So , when I saw this larger bag for a super cheap price , I bought it . 
I am happy with the purchase . 
So I carry an old t-shirt inside of it which gives it some structure and gives the clasp something to close against . 
Selected this bag in the 11x9 size , received a 10x8 bag . 
Waiting for UPS to pick it up for a return . 
Color was to bright and it was to small it only holds about 3 note books and a pencil case 
I've been using it to hold my dig kit for archaeology tools , and it was great for this . 
Lasted in the field , and I was able to put smaller items that I was afraid to lose in the front two pockets . 
I got three of these to use as merch bags for our band . 
Plus the price is pretty good . 
The bag is pretty small but for the price its good . 
I am happy with it for my purpose . 
WOW am I surprised . 
The Rhodium Plating is gorgeous and the CZ's are WAY more brilliant than I ever expected at this price point . 
He wanted an outfit to look like Michael Jackson's smooth criminal , and this tie was perfect . 
I got this for my husband as part of his outfit for a Roaring 20s party we will attend . 
I was really surprised at the great quality of this tie . 
It's very smooth and silky , looks expensive . 
Very comfortable and very good fit . 
Same cruddy quality that walmart carries.Returning and going to Macys or Dillards for higher quality Hanes . 
Was really surprised how comfortable these t shirts are . 
Very light weight and ordered some more , in a different color . 
They are cheap and let's face it , that's why we buy them . 
try these out yourself they are very comfortable 
Great quality , fits just right . 
They are not uncomfortable in any way , you just don't feel like they are luxuriously soft like Michael Jordan would lead you to believe . 
Great swim-diaper that is not bulky at all ; white so it suits both sexes ; and cheap enough that you make your money back just going a couple of times to the pool - one pack of swim diapers costs about the same , if not more , and they do not sell those all year round in stores near me ... Plus that side opening - golden ! 
If they ever do decide to poop - think quick access without pulling the poop off over their legs ( sorry to be so explicit , but hey if you are a parent , you know exactly what I am talking about ) . 
The snaps aren't super secure , but with 5 of them , secure enough . 
So far so good though . 
These are great . 
I just purchased my second one . 
Definitely recommend this . 
On the plus side , any accidents are always caught ! 
The plastic buttons on the side take some getting used to but they seem to be functioning just fine . 
My daughter is in between sizes , she's starting to grow out of her 9 month clothes ( many carters ) and fits into some brands of 12 months ( koala baby at babies r us ) . 
We bought these for my son who will be starting swim school . 
They are true to size . 
I recommended it . 
Otherwise it is fine . 
Really helps keep you warm 
Bought these as a gift for my sister and she loved them .. Smokey charcoal grey color . 
They are both warm and stylish . 
They are more of a deep purple than a burgundy ; but are a great color . 
Love the color as well . 
They fit perfectly ... just know that there is a top and a bottom . 
It's quite warm and the quality is not bad at all , it may be best to hand wash to preserve the longevity . 
My husband bought these shoes for an upcoming trip , but we're having to return them.He has somewhat large feet at a size 11.5 , and usually wears a Wide . 
He also says that they're a lot heavier than he's used to on his feet . 
Great Shoes ! ! 
These were recommended years ago by my podiatrist . 
They are very comfortable and are just what the doctor ordered . 
I always get Bison Color . 
Very nice color . 
The fit is just as great . 
This style of Keen shoes is very forgiving to feet that tire easily and or have issues with arthritis or especially plantar issues . 
It hugs my foot comfortably . 
These clogs are great . 
this sneakers is lightweight BUT the width is narrow and the instep very tight ... New Balance usually makes a good shoe , but not this time 
A pair lasts about a year . 
A new pair cures the pain right away . 
As with most shoes , these are a very tight fit out of the box , but after a while they fit great . 
New Balance customer service kept telling me " you should have bought them direct from NB then we could honor your warranty " . 
Great for either around the house , outdoors stuff , working out and things like that which is what I needed . 
Even though they are somewhat large I expected it and since I am a big guy I don't mind that they are a little loose . 
They are really comfortable . 
these work great for me , and have no issues with them . 
Best back pack ever ! 
Even though they have laptop protection , very thin . 
Durable zipper.Shoulder pad is not think but enough . 
Comfortable when you wear it . 
Contains a separate laptop sleeve that works well . 
Bag is large and comfortable . 
Like the color also . 
I could wash and shrink them as I often have to do with sneakers so that they will fit me , but these shoes did not have the foot stability I was looking for . 
I love these shoes . 
They are comfortable , easy to put on , and supportive . 
They are so comfortable and when only size 5 1/2 ' s have been available , I've bought them and that little bit of difference just makes them too long , so I'm always glad to find a place that still sells size 5 ' s because many stores do not . 
But these are comfortable , not too heavy and don't make my feet warm or claustrophobic . 
But these fit like a glove right out of the box , the width is fine and my heel is inside the back of the shoe ! ! ! Hurray ! 
Very comfortable . 
I was very pleased with the fit . 
I bought the Light Natural / White Suede and will probably buy other colors . 
The pair I got for me is way too large and is going back . 
The shoe is true to size and is especially great as we go into warmer weather 
Not at all , but they are incredibly comfortable for shopping , market , and traveling . 
They fit perfectly . 
These are so comfortable . 
Look nice . 
They aren't attractive and aren't functional . 
I f you have neever tried Easy Spirit shoes , I urge you to do so . 
Great shoe ! 
Love the convenience of just slipping them on in a hurry . 
Bought them for a post surgery shoe , but had to postpone the surgery . 
Will be great to have them when I reschedule . 
Recommend them to anyone wanting a quick slip on . 
These shoes are true to size . 
Extremely comfortable shoe . 
Runs true to size . 
I only wish they still made the ones that have the full back on them . 
These are easy to walk in though and I do love them . 
These shoes are so comfortable haven't got to wear them much yet but , come summer I'm sure I will enjoy having them to walk in . 
Love them 
They are so light weight and stay nicely on my feet ! 
They are true to size ! 
The shoes are very comfortable . 
I like the color . 
I have never seen a very great choice of colors before . 
These are easy on and off at the airport and comfortable to wear while traveling . 
Comfortable right out of the box . 
True to size for my size 8 wide feet . 
Easily wash in the washing machine and air dry and look like new . 
I keep them by the door and change into them when I come home to keep the floors clean . 
Love that they keep my feet warm . 
These are without a doubt the most comfortable shoes I own . 
Great for trips to the hard-floored grocery store , running errands . 
Either way these fit in the waist ok , but the seat is too small . 2 . 
My old Dockers are 6 + yrs old and still look fine ( Blue ) . 
I never opened these because I tried the 46 ' s first and they fit perfect . 
Whatever , I never had to leave home to send them back for credit and if there's one thing I hate doing is going to a department store and standing around waiting to return clothes . 
I liked these at first as they were inexpensive , fit well , are comfortable , and are thick enough to look and feel substantial . 
I have a 25 " waist and my tights were slightly large in a size 26 " , so the issue was not that they were too small . 
May try again . 
They were way to small . 
Cute though . 
these are nice thought the material would be a little thicker , the color is nice and they fit pretty good 
These were so cute , but I ordered in my size and they were way too small . I will try again when they are available in my size . 
his last pair lasted two summers ... even got wet several times . 
ive had several things from skechers and every pair fit great and wore well . 
great product 
They are comfortable and are great for running up and down the beach . 
Sketchers are nice fot the feet . 
What a treat . 
These flip flops are so comfortable , my husband won't take them off ! 
These are now his favorite flip flops he has ever purchased . 
a great choice for summer , he says that they are very soft and comfortable ! 
Looks great alone or with another chain . 
I've even worn it with a beaded style bracelet and it looks great ! 
These socks are very cute and wash well , but the elastic is a little small . 
I got them for my daughter at 3 months and only put them on her a few times because they left imprint marks on her ankles . 
Bought this as a gift for my dad , he loves the shoes as expected . 
However , when I purchased them I ordered a size too small and needed to return them for another size up . 
Although I needed to pay for the shipping to return them the company was speedy with the return , I also called them to ensure the shoes were received and a new pair was sent out , they were very friendly and helpful . 
These are pretty great boat shoes . 
I'm on my second pair of Makos so far . 
The traction is great ( if you actually ever go out on a boat , that can be helpful ... 
They have a classic look to them and not having to tie shoelaces is always a selling point . 
But , they still look okay ... fawn looks mossey actually . 
I received this shoe in very good time from an Amazon marketplace partner . 
the quality of the product is very high , stitching was good , the overall construction was superior , and then foot-bed and sole made for a very comfortable shoe , right out of the box . 
I bought these for my husband for an everyday shoe for the summer the fit is true to size and a good quality and such a great price ! 
Stylish , elegant Top Sider that fits well , is very comfortable and goes with just about any casual or " dressy casual " attire . 
Sperry is a good brand and they fit true to size . 
Whenever my son relaxes on the weekends in the summer , he wears these . 
Strange most people say this item runs small . 
I LOVE shoes . 
I have wide feet so this concerned me in the beginning but they break in very nicely . 
These shoes are amazing and look great . 
They are wonderful and comfortable as well . 
I have been wanting some of these for awhile but put it off . 
These are very comfortable shoes . 
Love them . 
However , these fit perfectly . 
They are so comfortable and of course , go with anything . 
These were a Christmas gift for my grand daughter . 
Shed been wanting a pair for awhile and she loves them . 
They are quite comfortable . 
They lead me to buy a pair for myself only I got the moccasin style so great 
Sperry's are the best . 
My kids love them and have several pairs a piece . 
These look and fit great right out of the box . 
They fit true to size unlike most of the athletic shoes which I buy a half size larger . 
Very comfortable shoe . 
I am sure I will live in theses and my TEVA's this summer . 
Excellent value and saves from having to constantly spot clean my carpet from those that choose not to remove their shoes . 
This is well worth the effort and it makes less work for me ! 
Well , after I've just been outside walking through snow and ice , I don't want to have to unlace my boots to run upstairs for two minutes and have to put them back on . 
I bought these so I don ’ t ruin new carpets in open houses I host for my clients . 
They work very well and make my clients feel that much more satisfied with my professionalism ! Pros : These slip easily over my large ( size 13 shoes ) ! The create an easy and effective barrier between shoes and carpet.Great for dirty shoes ! Cons : They dont protect from mud and water . 
I don't think they would work over extra large shoes , however I do believe they would fit most size bare feet . 
They dont have to take off shoes , our wood floors & carpet stay nice and clean . 
Love these flip flops . 
I had the last pair over 10 years and loved them . 
I always make sure I read reviews before I buy & I saw that some stated these run small . 
These are amazingly comfortable . 
I felt like they were made specifically for my feet ! 
The top of the straps are just to the bottom of your toes , which makes them look like they would be difficult to keep on . 
Great for the calves . 
These are by far the best flip flops I have ever worn and the only ones I will buy in the future ! 
I love these flip flops ! 
They always last me a couple years and the fit is perfect ! ! 
Great flip flops ! 
I ordered larger than normal . 
They did leave the bottoms of my heels black , and I think after being out in the hot sun with them , it left a light black trail on my carpet ... Other than that , they are very comfortable , cloth straps , doesn't hurt my toes or top of my foot and do provide some support.Haven ' t made up my mind yet if I would order again . 
This pair is my second from Amazon and I love the style . 
Love them . 
I have been wearing Reef's since 2004 , specifically the Ginger style . 
I have several Ginger Reef flip flops all in size 5 and they fit perfectly ... 
I usually don't expect flip flops to last long , but these have held up very well and have been comfortable since the moment I first got them . 
The only beef I have with these is that they were a little stiff when I first received them , but they are good now . 
I was hesitant about ordering a size-up , but the other reviewers were right . 
Great sandal ! 
Very comfortable and holds up to miles of walking . 
Molds to your feet , so after a few wears , they're perfect . 
This is a solid dive watch by Seiko , and is of high quality even compared to other watches by Seiko in the same price range . 
The bracelet is very comfortable , no pressure points on the wrist , and sits well on the center of my wrist joint . 
The bezel is raised around the edges higher than the glass so it's even more resistant to scratches . 
Power reserve is about 24 hours.To adjust the bracelet though , take it to a watch shop . 
Great watch . 
Mine has taken a bit of a beating and is still working great . 
I am a dishwasher amongst other things and it has held up well . 
The frame is not shiny & the glasses are not really blue & it dosn't help in the sun.It ' s more like cheap plastic safety glasses that it wear at work 
These are great . 
They fit perfect and look very nice . 
I have two pairs of these shoes , bought quite sometime , and they are very comfortable and fit perfectly . 
Picture posted is of a lace up oxford , this is a Mary Jane pump . 
The shoe is true to size , wide in the toe area with plenty of wiggle room , good arch support , cushiony interior . 
In this case due to all the positives I'm keeping it . 
I keep it on my kitchen windowsill to charge . 
I was able to take out a few links on the band easily for a perfect fit on my wrist . 
I ’ ve had this watch a couple years and it ’ s still working great . 
The picture of the face is accurate - easy to read numbers and hands . 
Also , the canvas strap has a leather ( or pleather ) lining , which makes it more comfortable on the skin . 
Big and easy to read , with long-lasting luminescence on the hands and the hours . 
I currently own a metal-band , dressy Citizen watch with lots of ( useless ) features , and if this keeps time / charge like that one , then it's going to be steady and reliable . 
I'm very happy with this purchase ... especially since I replaced the canvas band with a leather band ( http://www.amazon.com/Hadley-Roma-MSM894RB-200-20-mm-Genuine-Leather/dp/B001F0PTXC/ref=sr_1_2?s=watches=UTF8=1397935533=1-2=hadley+roma ) . 
Now it looks like this watch : http://www.amazon.com/Citizen-BL5250-02L-Eco-Drive-Leather-Titanium/dp/B000EQS0WK/ref=sr_1_1?s=watches=UTF8=1397936104=1-1=citizen ; which is amazing . 
I gifted it to myself so I am going to re gift it to someone . 
Ib thought I was luminous but really only glow in the dark . 
Still , great watch at good price . 
The watch was nice but the band was a strange color and design . 
Citzen makes a good watch it was a shame to return because of the band 
Otherwise it looks very nice and keeps good time . 
Yes it's Solar Powered , yes it's got dual time , yes Alarm , yes chronograph . 
It's also waterproof and has Perpetual Date . 
It works perfectly , just make sure the directions for Set-up are correct . 
It has a fancy sound name and looks good on your wrist for any occasion . 
I highly recommend this product . 
I loved this watch ! 
I desagree with some people stating that its too small to be a mans watch . 
I think its a great fit ! Also , I saw someone complain that the date was in spanish and not in english ; you have both and you ge to choose in what language to have it in ! 
This is a great looking watch and very comfortable . 
I was wrong - I love the band on this watch and plan to keep it . 
The movement is quartz , so of course it's super accurate . 
This watch has a solid feel without being clunky . 
If you have had " value " priced chrono-watches , you know that it can be pain to keep each hand-set synched . 
* * Fit and finish of the case is very nice . 
* * My hands are right on each mark . 
* * 18mm lugs are tiny.Probably the best non-automatic basic watch out there . 
For men , I recommend buying a 22mm band and slicing the lug interface down to 18mm to give the watch a more substantial look and feel . 
Honestly , it would be nice for women as well . 
This isn't a thick / large watch . 
I love this watch . 
It is easy to read and is a good size , not too big ( like the recent trend has been in watches for some reason ) , but still is ' big ' enough to not look small . 
Plus , with the ' eco-drive ' ( solar power ) , you will never have to worry about batteries . 
This is definitely a quality time piece and I would highly recommend it . 
The watch itself is very nice and I'm pleased with the purchase . 
I was hoping for a matte / brushed finish steel body which the pictures suggest is the case . 
He is really happy with the watch . 
Is 300 meters water ressistant and never needs batteries . 
To be sure is full charged I puy it in front a window once a month . 
Fine ! 
I am very happy with my recent purchase of the citizen men's bm8242 - 08e ' eco-drive ' gold-tone stainless steel and leather watch . 
Watch looks great . 
It's small which is what I was going for . 
Looks classy and traditional . 
Leather band is in great shape and the face looks new . 
The Citizen Eco Drive is amazing , I love never having to replace the battery . 
If I haven't worn it for a while it will die , but soon as I pick it up it starts moving again . 
I was given this watch as a Christmas gift a few years ago by my wife and as I'm a retired Marine , she bought it at the PX . 
In any case , IMO it's well worth the money . 
It keeps great time in ANY conditions . 
It is of costume-quality so by the end of the night the red fringe were falling out , but I would highly recommend this for a costume party . 
This is perfect for our flapper corporate event , it looks great on and is not too short . I definitely recommend buying the long gloves to complete the look ! 
I got XL and it fits perfect , super cute .. I love it . 
It is a bit awkward to hold the opener in the proper position but I have opened several watches with it . 
Need to be careful to hold in position or it will slip and scratch the watch back 
I bought it to remove the back of my watch . 
All it did was scratch it up . 
It looks nice but it is worthless . 
The backpack is a good size and holds quite a bit of things . 
I am very pleased that I bought it . 
It's a nice and basic backpack . 
Well made and comfortable to wear . 
It is well constructed and has carried my bocce set withoutthe stitching coming apart at all.It was inexpensive and I am more than pleased with this product . 
I just received it yesterday and am very happy with it . 
After the first one broke 4 years ago I purchase one in store ( different brand ) lasted 3 days . 
I love Gem Avenue ankle bracelet so much . 
I love it ! 
I had purchased the 24 " , and really liked it , but because of the length , I was catching it , and breaking it . 
It was amazing to deal with u the items was perfect and no damages on them but I hope to deliver it early next time 
He is tall and has a long torso , but the tee shirt is still too long . 
This is one of the most awesome wolf shirts I've ever seen . 
I love them and you can wear them year round . 
I love the style .. love the comfort and relaxing . 
I think some of my sisters will be purchasing for this year's Race for the Cure also . 
They fit nice and were fun . 
I've taken a few falls on the road in these and wash them often , and you can tell they are good quality . 
Nice adjustments with the waist straps on both sides , I love these , I have 4 pairs now . 
These are so comfortable and have traction . 
They hold up very well and are very comfortable . 
One of the reasons I'm such a fan of this style is because of the straps . 
The sizing is true as well . 
Love these shoes ! 
They go with all kinds of outfits , and they are sturdy and light . 
I have bought several pairs of tevas the past , but these things to be smaller than normal . 
My sister loved these shoes . 
Very comfortable and worth the money . 
Great shoes 
They are very comy , but it does take a bit to break them in ... the part that goes between the toes , took a couple of days .. the right one still bothers me some , but wearing them ... :) love them .. great price for comfort , and as always , fast ship .. 
I've gotten these shoes every summer , and always order size 6 . 
This year , they were way too big . 
I got the fives , and they were perfect . 
I have heels that crack after wearing normal flip flops for a few days in a row . 
I get lots of compliments and I love them . 
Maaaaaybe a TINY bit on the smallish side . 
These are my second pair after having the same pair for almost 5 years . 
These are amazing . 
The criss cross straps are very comfortable . 
The foot bed shapes to your foot and then there's the strong sole to give you plenty of traction . 
These are great everyday flip flops and totally worth the price . 
They are also super lightweight and easy to walk in . 
I know this won't be my last pair . 
The colors are great . 
They have 5 straps and are hands down the most comfortable and easily kept on flip flops out there . 
Recommended . 
This is my second pair , I love these . 
Go with almost every summer outfit , so comfortable and stylish . 
I love Tevas - I have several pairs of sturdy sandals . 
I like the idea of flip flops and would love to find comfortable ones . 
I figured if anybody could make flip flops comfortable , Teva could do it . 
They are comfortable - well , for the first 15 minutes or so . 
However , they are flip flops - they're okay , but comfortable to walk in . 
Very cute and comfortable . 
You can't beat the price and I love the little pop of style that sets these apart from ordinary flip flops . 
These are the best flip flops I've ever purchased . 
They form to my foot and feel great . 
It runs very small and is very flimsy . 
ohhh ... just what I needed ... feet don't hurt on tile = happy person ... repeat ... happy person ... jksdhKLAJSDHLkjwdeklJ OAND A A 
It goes on nicely , has a good color , and is pretty cheap . 
If you've got brown or oxblood shoes , this is what you want to get them to the nice maroon that looks great . 
In case it isn't obvious from the tin ( it wasn't to me when I first bought it , I didn't have the slightest clue about shoe polishes ) , this stuff comes in a solid ( but creamy ) brick format . 
I like the solid polish better than the liquid one . 
Very reliable and the colors are very consistent from one can to the next . 
I find that when I finish the shoe , it looks great , but when I wear the shoe , the wax ends up drying or showing on the outside of the shoe and I need to go back and brush it again . 
love it 
The sleeve to go over my roll on handle is the best idea , and so convenient . 
I am able to carry both my iPad and Kindle in their cases within the bag . 
Due to vision problem , I have to have different glasses for different activities , this works well to carry those as well . 
I have a small day purse that I keep inside to grab and go at my destination . 
The bag is lightweight even with all of my needs , shoulder straps are correct length and comfortable , and short enough to slide right under the plane seat . 
Very well made and lots of compartments , detachable shoulder strap . 
These are my husbands go-to shoes for work . 
It's a functional , comfortable shoe , but it isn't stylish . 
Be aware that the leather does not have a high polish to it , so it looks more casual . 
But if you face a morning walk , and you have to deal with the weather , these shoes can't be beat . 
The others lasted a long time and were very comfortable . 
I needed a new pair of shoes to replace the sneakers I always wear . 
I love these shoes , very comfortable , nice sole , good fit to my foot . 
After I purchased them , I read some of the reviews , all I can say , for the moment , I'm happy with them . 
Great shoes for someone on there feet a lot . 
Nice leather uppers , nice sole and cushioned inside is good . 
Highly recommend . 
I was so surprised to find them again , and at such a great price . 
Highly recommend . 
He had a very hard time finding this color and when he did it was $ 70 . 
He was so happy to find them on Amazon at $ 50 . 
They fit perfect and he's very happy . 
He has trouble finding good shoes in his size and Rockport shoes not only fit perfect but look great . 
I Love these shoes / sneakers . 
I have been using Rockport walking shoes for about 15 years . 
Another reason is that size 11EEE is often not available from other brands in the style / colors I like . 
The size is perfect and they are extremely comfortable . 
The quality may not be quite as good as I had previously , but I am very happy with them . 4month follow up : After wearing these shoes for a while , they have become increasingly uncomfortable . 
They are OK , if one only wears them for a few hours . 
Not as good quality as previous similar model that I had used for years . 
not anymore . 
its a shame , shame , shame . 
I owned a pair prior to these but waist expansion has made the previous pair fit funny , ;) . 
They arrived ahead of the estimated delivery date and were well packaged . 
I bought these after a recommendation from my cousin and I have found them to be very comfortable and sturdy . 
This is my second pair of Birkenstock Milano's , I just love the footbed , the fit is great ( I am a narrow and they work great for me ) , I expect these to last as long as the previous pair and I will again get Birkenstock . 
I absolutely love the Smoke Lenses US Air Force Style Aviator Sunglasses ! 
True to size . 
Rubber sole good if you have to go outside . 
I love all Acorn slippers . 
ACORN Women's New Spa Slide Slipper Natural , Xlarge Med , ( 9.5- 10.5 M US ) I've had several pairs of these . 
This pair is a little big but wearable . 
A gift to my daughter . 
Acorn makes a very good comfortable slipper and a nice price . 
very comfortable ! 
These fit great , and they are definitely polarized , as looking at my lcd monitor from different angles and heights reveals quite handily . 
I got these for my husband who usually breaks his sun glasses . 
He says he loves them and they are very lightweight and comfortable . 
And I must say , the look really good on him too . 
Decent and OK pair of polarized sunglasses . 
These are comfortable to wear , light , and look good to me . 
The lenses have not scratched yet and are great at blocking glare and allowing me to see below the water surface . 
Especially on sale . 
However , they are good on cloudy , rainy , foggy or hazy days so I decided to keep them . 
I don't fish so I have no idea how they are for catching the big ones . 
Polarized style Blu Blockers . 
These are great . 
Love these sun glasses , yellow / amber color is great , polarization is great . 
I bought the yellow lense version and they are great for biking at dusk and they fit my big fat head nicely . 
too large , in my opinion . 
Other than that , they seem pretty sturdy and the clarity it great . 
I have been relying heavily on the reviews of others , and start with the best reviews and work my way done until I find a nice balance of positive reviews / price / features . 
So , buying sunglasses is a pain . 
Most sunglasses pinch my head far too much to be comfortable . 
That alone makes them worth it.The polarized lenses is also useful . 
Since the lenses are curved , you get ( effectively ) all-around protection from the sun . 
Traditional sunglasses are worthless if the sun is to your left or right since the sunlight can easily reflect off of the inside of the lens . I'll admit I've accidentally sat on these sunglasses a couple times . 
They came perfectly fine , which proves their durability . 
He wears them all the time due to his job is outside . 
Very comfortable and does not slip . 
I think the brand tags are interchangeable , they come from the factory with holes in the frame , so that the label pieces can be stuck in . 
I tend to lose my sunglasses periodically and if I do lose these , it won't break the bank , but I don't want to lose them as they have been a good and serviceable replacement to my last " favorite pair " that I lost . 
this was a xmas present for my husband , he loves these jeans , he told me they are the most comfortable jeans he's ever had so with that said go get a pair . 
i am very grateful for these and will be ordering more colors . 
I used to hobble around when I got up in the mornings.These shoes are amazing . 
I love these and I'm on my 2nd pair now . 
They are stiff at first but once you break them in , they are amazing ! 
These sandals are comfortable when I'm just standing but I had a hard time adjusting to them when walking . 
I find the bumps under the area between the toes and rest of the foot somewhat uncomfortable . 
They push into my feet while walking . 
I have a wide foot so the outer side of my feet go over the edge of the sandal . 
So very comfortable , I feel like I'm walking on air ! 
Classy , versitile and comfortable , fantastic combination ! 
Everything about the shoe was great , the problem was with my feet and any who has the same problem may want to order a half size larger . 
I'm a large size ( 34 E ) and have a Panache sports bra that I absolutely love , so I was surprised to find that I didn't care for this bra at all.The band is not large enough to support a larger bust , the straps offer no help either ( although the band should do the work anyway . ) 
The cups themselves had a strange shape , shallow but large , sort of pushing things down on your chest . 
Other than that , a waste of money for me . 
If this bra had fit , I still wouldn't have kept it . 
However , the cups are HUGE . 
Also , the shoulder straps are set for a frame larger than mine . 
This is a well-crafted basic nude pump . 
( I bought the Sandstone color . ) 
It feels as though a centimeter or two higher would keep my foot more secure , so I deducted one star from an otherwise-stellar product . 
Just keep in mind that every foot is different , so my experience may not be the same as yours . 
I loved the heel height . 
This heel height is perfect for both business and evening for taller ladies . 
The Nike air technology did make these so much more comfortable than the average heel . 
I wore them all over a cruise ship two evenings in very rough seas and the traction on the soles was much appreciated . 
This is a stunning shoe for plain patent leather . 
I decided to go with a 9 and am very happy I did . 
The nougat color is a pale tan with a little pink . 
My skin is very fair , so for me , this looks nude . 
The color is very pretty , particularly in patent leather . I love Cole Haan shoes . 
They hold up well , and they are usually pretty comfortable . 
Fabulous ! 
A perfect fit and they look great . 
Essentially , the brush is useless . 
Second , the basket it small and doesn't hold the jewelry well.Despite the issues , for the price this cleaner is worthwhile . 
And for that price , I'm willing to use an old toothbrush and fish rings out of the bottom . 
Recommended . 
i received the tall bottle of concentrate instead - that does not include a basket or a brush . 
Will update if i have either amazing or terrible results . 
I love this jewelry cleaner . 
I use it every day . 
This is a quick and easy way to clean your jewelry . 
You just drop it in the container and there's a little basket that makes for easy removal along with a tiny brush if you need more detailed cleaning of the crevices . 
Even without using the brush , this cleaner does a wonderful job . 
Nothing special Great bi-fold wallet . 
Its a nice , thin , soft , leather wallet . 
~ I have owned a number of this same style watch over the last 25 years and I've never cared much for other watches since . 
It's made for Navy SEALs so it's going to be a great watch . 
I give them to very close special friends as well as my sons . 
In that time period , it's gone through numerous batteries while the watch sat in watchbox most of the time . 
I use excellent quality batteries that last two to three years on other watches . 
The case back screws rusted after three years.Trying to deal with Luminox was maddening and they wanted $ 130 to repair the watch with a three month turn-around . 
The stainless steel caseback is the best made part of this watch . 
The red rivets on the zipper fall out of the case . 
Based on the positive reviews , I bought this for my boyfriend who's owned the same wallet for half a decade to the point where it's falling apart . 
The quality is amazing , especially given the price ! ! ! 
They quickly start falling apart even under gentle , occasional use . 
It's like magic . 
Bought this for use in travel bag , mainly for emergencies . 
Did not hold up well on first use during moderate wind , was able to bend back but now it folds up strangely and does not auto open from time to time . 
Pretty good travel umbrella for the price . 
I got this umbrella to keep in my bookbag for when Im trekking around campus . 
It does well for light rains . 
This is a good umbrella , though I've only used it a few times . 
It is good just for one person , but easy to use with the automatic open option . 
The color of this one is very beautiful for me . 
When I first saw it , I think it is suitable for me . 
You can definitely use plain old soap and water , and it will do an ok job . 
Now that being said , if what you need to clean has been REALLY neglected starting with soap and water , rinsing , then running with fresh water and concentrate will make it sparkle . 
It's amazing how much dirt and grime this cleaner can get out of your jewelry . 
I bought this to accompany my new sonic wave machine and it seems to work well . 
I always get compliments after I clean my ring with this . 
I think it is for machines or something but I mix it with water and use a tooth brush and it gets the job done . 
I use this in my sonic cleaner . 
My diamond rings sparkle , my costume jewelry cleans up and it's great for CD's 
I put the solution into warm water in my ultrasonic cleaner and dropped my jewelry into the basket and ran three cycles . 
I rinsed with warm water and it was sparkle , sparkle , sparkle ! 
These two together are a powerful duo and can't function without the other . 
I hope Marvel creates a movie based off the work that these two super heroes do . 
This stuff is incredible . 
Especially the rings 
We use this in a jewlrey cleaner and only use a capful for cleaning rings . 
It works marvelous , much better than water . 
The feel is feminine , but still very modest . 
It washes beautifully too ! 
It is a catch 22 because I love it , but the price just seems a bit unreasonable . 
If you can afford it , it is a worth while purchase . 
Very comfortable ... generous cut . 
Love the pockets and the color is a bright spring day ! 
Love how this feels on ... but being someone who is small chested ... 
It feels great on though ... and I would definitely recommend this for summer events ... :) 
All of the post cancer garments are higher than a cat's back and I could not afford any of those . 
Its a great item however ! ! 
I'm not sure if its my small chest , but it doesn't not emphasis your chest at all ! 
It holds them well enough , but it acts more like a sports bra . 
good fit but i wore it out while i was at a bar and dancing and it just kept falling down i had to keep going and fixing it . 
For a small fee they will adjust it to your wrist . 
Very pleased . 
When i received it i was not very happy because the picture looks different from the real . 
In the picture it looks somewhat of a silver finish and a greyish tone . 
But when i opened the package it was shining and sparkling and the band and case was steel looking . 
Bought this as a gift for a friend who isn't much into backpacks or other carry totes who takes hikes . 
Very roomy , fits a few items of clothing , smaller accessories , cell phone pouch with a good amount of space to pack it in and take off . 
This bag is huge ! Love the fact it does not have a ' frame ' . 
Just the right amount of pockets to keep little random things organized , and large open cavity to shove things in.Right now it is the dead of winter , I will try to come back and update this once I put this bag though the ringer of some camping / hiking trips . 
For the price , I'm happy with my purchase . 
Seems sturdy and is clearly larger than your average Jansport , yet smaller than a full-on camping pack . 
Great in-between size . 
I use it for gym clothes and other gear.Only drawback is the waist strap is utterly pointless . 
Great sectional areas to store items . 
I decided to keep it because it will hold a lot of items when I do too much shopping at CVS or Rite Aid . 
Also , I kind of wish they were stitched closer to the top of bag . 
The inside is a nice tan color with a large zippered pocket and a small pocket for a smaller iPod or small cell phone . 
On the front , it has 3 open slightly deep pockets and 1 zippered pocket in middle . 
There is a wide deep pocket on back for something light like paperwork , etc . 
This is a great sturdy , light , well-organized bag to carry in emergencies . 
It folds up small , but holds a lot of contents once opened . 
Baggallini makes great products . 
If you go with this bag , I suggest a dark color since it doesn't clean up well . I'm a fan of Baggallini and own several wonderful bags by them . 
love it 
It's nice and light for the summer , comes in lots of great colors , and is a nice size . 
I noticed that some reviewers commented that it was too small , but I didn't find that to be the case . 
It has lots of compartments for credit cards , makeup , money and my phone , to keep things organized . 
It has two nice outside zippers for extras . 
I'm very pleased with my purchase . 
I also liked the top strap where you can carry it by the handle - very soft and easy to carry that way , seemed very naturalThe problem is it was waaay too small for what intended it for . 
I think this is more of a purse than a travel piece . 
Nicely made though and the brown was a beautiful color.Oh , one other thing that was kind of awkward is that the zippers unzip all the way down on the sides which is nice as you can get to everything a little easier . 
The thing I didn't like is that you had to actually hold one corner of the bag at the bottom to get the zipper to go up with out catching . 
Small thing , but it annoyed me . 
I don't carry a ton of stuff but as the other reviewers pointed out it barely holds a wallet , phone , cosmetic bag and misc . 
lipstick , comb etc . 
It is not too big , not too small for me . 
I can put a book in the bag , along with Kleenix , passport , credit cards , etc . 
One was too small , one too large , one too deep etc . 
I can access everything easily , it carries my water mug , my cellphone and if I have my iPad or papers or whatever they fit very well in the larger back area . 
It has just the right about of hiding places , the credit card holders , etc . 
This is definitely the one I'm sticking with and I'm so happy I found it ! 
I've been noodling all over the Internet , trying to find the perfect travel purse and this hits all the marks . 
It has a comfortable and adjustable shoulder strap that can also be worn cross-body . 
The largest section can hold a lightweight fleece jacket--or iPad , wallet , and other misc . 
I'm happy.UPDATE : I tweaked the water bottle pouch by cutting through the elastic , down toward the bottom of the pouch , creating an open " v " . 
Sewed an extra piece of elastic across the opening and reinforced the bottom of the cut . 
It was great . 
The different pockets were perfect for every need . 
I loved it . 
I love it , it carries a lot of items and it has seperate compartments to keep them separated . 
I also love the company Baggallini ... because its bags are made of quality material . 
I bought a smaller version of this bag at a local retail store and love it . 
Amazon as usual had the best price , so I hemmed and hawed over it and finally decided to get it . 
I love this bag ! ! ! 
Here hee Love this bag ! ! ! 
But , I returned it because of how thick it became when I filled the compartments . 
Just too large for my smaller frame and back issues . 
It is very high quality , but was too small for my needs . 
I have two kinds of purses--smallish and LUGGAGE . 
The smaller purses go everywhere , but the larger bags often stay in the car or under the desk , while the bare necessities go into the grocery store or to lunch in a wristlet . 
Wristlets , however , are often too small . 
Plenty of room for whatever you think of as the bare necessities , but still light & small enough to go in a carry-on , backpack , briefcase or hobo bag with plenty of room for other stuff.Also , while this bag has card slots and two zipper pouches inside to use as a wallet , I prefer putting my actual wallet inside . 
When open , it fits perfectly in this little purse . 
I love this thing . 
I wanted to love this bag - it seems perfect ... until you use it . 
1st - the fabric is wonderfully lightweight , but then the zippers fobs are all ( there are a LOT of them ) so heavy that it makes the bag about twice as heavy as it needed to be . 
Then , the inside is so odd : it looks like you have great sections and separated areas - but they aren't really separate or fully enclosed . 
It is such a shame , because I love the size of this purse and had high hopes for it - but in actual use it is too high maintenance . 
These studs are very tiny . 
I bought them to go in my second set of holes and on one side I was able to pull the earring too far and it disappeared . 
Within minutes they made my ears start itching , but I used some rubbing alcohol and they are fine now . 
They say sterling silver , but I think they are just plated not solid sterling silver , so don't expect them to last . 
For now they look cut though . 
My 9 year old son has sensitive eyes , he always wears sunglasses outside , and of course he loses them frequently . 
These look great on him , fit him well and he says he likes them as they are " dark " enough . 
I really enjoy these nicely fitting , advanced polarized sunglasses . 
They are especially great for those sunny fishing days as they help your clear vision cut through any surface reflection ; they allow you to see deep into the water ! 
They are on the small side . 
Fit my husband just fine . 
I bought these sunglasses for my 13 - year-old grandson . 
He liked the style , and the fit is okay . 
The quality of the plastic is about the same as a pair of little children's sunglasses . 
The firemen liked the similarity and switched hats with my son ( he was very proud to help ) . 
It is light , it is size-adjustable , the color is bright . 
They held up well and fit great ! 
My husband has very wide calves and we were pleasantly surprised they fit as well as they did - and stayed up ! 
Great addition to his pirate costume ! ! 
works real well for what I need them for . 
Multi uses with costumes for different occasions . They fit and look great 
So happy . 
I had two days notice to put together a pirate costume for a member of my family . 
great for costume ; not stiff enough to stand alone so need additional elastic or pins to keep them up . 
Otherwise fine and definitely the right price ! 
They fit well and were more comfortable than his beat-up sneakers . 
This is my third pair . 
These are used as my ' indoor ' shoes and they are very comfortable and have held up well . 
I purchased two pairs of this style in different accent colors . 
I have neuropathy in my feet so I look for the most supporting comfortable shoes I can find . 
I've always been a fan of Easy Spirit , I've purchased several over the years . 
This pair that I'm reviewing is the result of my satisfaction with the first pair of " multi-colored " shoes in that they are the third pair of this design ... I wouldn't want to need another pair and have them no longer available . 
I have been looking for a comfortable , lightweight sneaker to take on an overseas trip where we will be doing a fair amount of sightseeing . 
They are the most comfortable sneakers I have ever owned . 
The leather tops are soft and keep my feet cool . 
She tried them on and she said they are so comfortable . 
Her feet were swollen and they still fit inside the wide shoes . 
I greatly recommend this purchase . 
I ordered my regular size 8.5 Wide and although the width was fine the length was not . 
My toe immediate hit the front of the shoe when I put it on . 
The moment I put the shoes on , was well pleased . 
So comfortable . 
So the shoe is longer than it should be but fits okay in width ( still a little snug ) but is is a similiar shoe to my wife's previous Easy spirit that she loved and that have lasted a long time , but alas , everything good wears out ... and it seems that one can never find the same thing again . 
Anyway , they look to be good shoes and they are functional so she hopes to get years of wear out of them like she did her previous pair of Easy Spirits . 
These shoes are so comfortable . 
Lots of walking involved in my job and standing in one position . 
Still these are my favorite comfy shoe so I am pleased . 
Very comfortable ! 
Surely will buy a pair of these again 
This shoe fits me best and is the most comfortable shoe out of so many shoes I have purchased . 
I have narrow feet and I never owned a pair of narrow sneakers . 
Easy Spirit Women's Romy Sneaker , White / Medium Blue Leather , 9.5 W 
I love Easy Spirit Shoes ! 
Just keep buying it ! 
They are so comfortable on my 8W size feet . 
I am a nurse , 12 hour shifts on my feet all day , and these are my shoes . 
I love them , they are also machine washable and come out of the washer looking new . 
As walking shoes go ... these are very comfortable . 
I own a couple of other pairs of Easy Spirit brand shoes and like them as well . 
They are true to size . 
I am pleased with my purchase . 
Incidentally , this is my second pair and I wore the soles off the old ones . 
They have proven to be very comfortable . 
I just hope that these Easy Spirits aren't going to be discontinued too . 
These earrings are longer than I anticipated and the " rainbow " color just isn't there . 
I would have preferred more color to the stones . 
I have had neck problems for years and carrying a normal purse just isn't an option . 
The leather is much heavier than the nylon version but it is so luxurious I'm willing to deal with the extra weight . 
The arctic white is a gorgeous color . 
I was pleasantly surprised that it isn't a bright white . 
The extra small size will carry a lot . 
I also have the small size in the sand colored leather which is gorgeous as well but just a bit bigger than I prefer . 
I liked the look , so I bought them anyway . 
The Vasque boot fits great , looks good and is comfortable . 
I had these in a dark red patent . 
Comfortable fit , nice insole , just perfect ... or so I thought.The extra pleather across the toe , plus the buckles are problematic . 
Although they feel good on and standing , they are torture after walking for any length of time . 
The extra pleather binds the foot when walking and the buckle digs into the foot . 
If these were leather , not synthetic , they might give a bit.They might work for some but definitely walk in these a bit for making a decision . 
I purchased based on comfort and fit , not walkability . 
These new ones were exactly the same style , color and design . 
He was very happy . 
They are great shoes ! 
I love the way these sandals look , fit , and feel . 
After a simple five mile day hike I return home with aching soar feet and heals that I don't have with other shoes . 
I purchased 3 pairs of KEEN sandals , all 3 different styles . 
Of the three , this is the only one I must return . 
The arch in the shoe , for me , seemed misplaced - - it was more forward , toward my toes and uncomfortable . 
Also the top was a little tight for me . 
Sometimes my foot swims in a medium width shoe , but not this one . 
I'm enjoying the other pairs and can tell that they are more comfortable than the tennis shoes or clogs I usually wear . 
I'm happy I finally found this brand ! 
I live in a hot climate and I found the footbed makes my feet sweat also got painful blisters on the back of my heel from the strap rubbing . 
These make your feet look like boats , not at all attractive especially with socks which is the only way I find them comfortable . 
I'm having some trouble adjusting to the deep molded pattern in the rubber footbed , but assume there is a purpose to it and I will get used to them in time . I wear 6.5 extra wide athletic shoe and have had a lot of problems buying sport sandals , even other Keen sandals , which give a wide appearance but don't actually accommodate a wide foot.The 6.5 medium Venice is the best I've tried so far . 
There is a slight pinch on my little toe , but it has enough room for my high arches and a very comfortable backstrap . 
These come in a wonderful variety of colors , which should make everyone happy , Although most orders are fulfilled by Amazon , the price varies greatly depending on which size / color you choose . 
They are very comfortable and seem to last . 
nice set of underwear . 
The fabric is very cool for those who work all day , easy to wash by machine , and the material is quite good , for whom size M the shirt is a little big , so I recommend if you is size M buy size S . 
Buying things like this is sometimes difficult online since I have larger breasts than average . 
It was definitely roomy , but I expect things like this to shrink . 
This will do though . 
The quality and fabric is very nice and in a great color . 
We have to wear solid color uniforms for work now . 
We do use bleach and it changes the color a bit , but I will have to deal with it . 
my wife has been at the same job at the hospital for 30 plus years , and she likes to have different scrubs , and she likes this . 
Yes , I am tall and a plus size . 
Ladies , just be aware and know that you may read how these run large and fit as expected but most of these comments are not coming from someone needing a plus size uniform . 
Don't change color with the washes . 
I love the empire waste scrub tops best , as this one was a bit bulky on me . 
I returned for the empire waisted style by Dickies . 
I still love all of the Dickies products . 
Im also about 155 pounds , so this was a perfect size for me . 
LIke most scrubs this material is a bit rough but durable wash after wash . Hard color and fit to find . 
These pants are true to size and can really take and beating ! I plan to pick up a few more of them ! 
I was very please at the quality and design ease of these pants for work at the hospital . 
The pants wash beautifully , need no ironing if taken out of the dryer slightly damp and hung on a pants hanger . 
By morning they are smooth and ready to go once more . 
I don't like the front closing where you have to tie it to keep it where you want it . 
I cut a small slt in each side at the waist band and use the holes in the frond to thread a piece of elastic through the waste and that takes care of the problem . 
While I am a plus size female , it's really hard finding plus size scrubs for women AND in a " Tall " . 
I decided to try the mens pants and I was pleasantly surprise to find they do run longer than the womens . 
I have purchased 2 of these through Amazon . 
At an average cost of $ 90.00 I would have expected quality.The plastic is light and creeks when you open that glasses . 
Match any outfit and look stunning ! 
These are my second pair after i lost the first pair . 
The price was reasonable . 
This is a very popular style which looks good on most faces . 
Terrific lenses and solid , durable frames . 
I ordered these sunglasses and while I liked them and do not doubt their authenticity despite some of the claims that people received fakes , they were just too small for me . 
I prefer larger sunglasses so I ended up returning them . 
But they are very nice and a decent price for polarized Ray-Bans . 
Also made in Italy :) ( at least for this pair , seems others have had different experiences ) 
I love the color of the frame ( mine are darker that the image shown , and almost look black in some lighting , which looks great IMO ) and the glass-tint provides great protection with a clear / crisp image . 
Glasses fit perfectly in the case and don't take up a lot of room , which is great for my ever-cluttered center console in my SUV . 
With the lightning deal @ around $ 70 you can't beat the value . 
I love it ! 
I love the color , the material and the lenses ! 
I have Ray Ban's in many colors , but this is my favorite and matches jeans perfectly ! 
Bought these for my 15 - year-old son for Valentine's Day . 
He had been wanting some " cool " shades . 
They fit him perfectly . 
Would definitely buy again if he ends up losing these or stepping on them which is a high possibility with a teen . 
I LOVE this style and have several pairs . 
These were especially loose on my face for some reason , but I'll just be visiting my optometrist for him to heat and tighten them for me . 
Love these Ray Ban's ! 
They are comfortable to ware and do their job . 
These are great glasses . 
They look good and are optically perfect . 
I have alotof different styles of Wayfarers and theseare myfavs . 
Great glasses . 
Fit perfectly . 
I'm a pretty large headed guy and the 55mm ' s fit perfectly . 
They are authentic " Made in Italy " units with the RB watermark on the lens . 
I thought they might be a little " too lightly tinted " for sunglasses , but I live in San Diego and they are GREAT sunglasses . 
Super happy with them ! 
They are the real thing . 
I have a medium to large face , and these look great . 
Quality , great styling , great sun protection . 
They are comfortable and the lens is even darker than pictured ... that's a plus . 
They are sturdy , yet comfortable . 
I use them both for regular prescription and sunglasses prescription . 
I tried a million different sunglasses on before settling on this pair . 
I tried several different sizes , as well . 
I am not that small of an individual ( I do have a small nose , but not to an extreme or anything ) , but the regular size Wayfarers AND Original Wayfarers fell off my face ! 
These fit great , the lenses are awesome , and the design looks cool . 
Tons of reviews say the 52mm are child size , but they fit me perfectly . 
The 55 mm fits an average adult face fine . 
I've always been a fan of Ray-bans , and these are classic in style . 
I received them within two days of ordering them and they come with their own case and everything . 
They're great shades and they'd make a great gift . 
These really cool retro sunglasses fit well , are comfortable and provide excellent UV protection . 
We have three pairs within our family . 
Ray-Ban RB2132 New Wayfarer Sunglasses , Black Frame / G - 15 - XLT Lens , 55 mm came in quickly and was a wonderful gift for my daughter . 
Very nice . 
Since I have a somewhat narrow face and need 134-135 arm I figured I'd give these a try . 
feels great , awesome shades . 
Ray-Ban is the true classic sun glasses 
I have to admit I was somewhat reluctant to pay the dollars I did for these Ray-Ban New Wayfarer sunglasses , but I am glad I did . 
First of all , Amazon offered a discounted price and then there is the rest . 
The glasses are polarized and the optical clarity of these lenses is astounding . 
I can see more details and the blue gradient lenses are very useful . 
The glasses are comfortable and fit my face just right . 
They come in both 52 and 55 mm lens diameter and I chose 55 mm because I have a larger head . 
The design of the New Wayfayer fits the average face better and the sunglasses are very attractive . 
The best thing about these sunglasses is the optics . 
You have to see it to believe it . 
Definitely order the polarized model . 
Daughter in law very happy for her Christmas present and I am happy that she is happy . 
These glasses have a different look . 
The matte blue color is definitely trendy . 
This updated design is both modern and classic . 
Love the glasses and how I look in them . 
I recently got my first batch of contacts and needed some polorized sunglasses to use . 
I returned this pair . I purchased Oakley Straight Jackets and that pair I love . 
Love this Black Warm up jacket . 
I have two and the other is white . 
I can pair with anything with these two standard colors . 
Fits great ! 
Did like the color and quality of the product just for me ran small . 
The fit my needs were comfortable and long lasting . 
The fabric is heavier than some other scrubs I have seen and I had no shrinkage on the first wash and dry cycle . 
If you are and ED nurse or a hard working Nursing Supervisor I highly recommend these scrub pants . 
I have to look professional . 
Looks really good and fits great . 
I love these . 
I've got big hips and thighs and these pants have a modern fit without being cut so close to the skin that I look like I'm about to hit the club ( I have this problem with a lot of scrubs ) . 
Inexpensive , too . 
I am not going to lie ... these are the best scrubs out there . 
They are so comfortable , look great , and even better make you look like you have a figure . 
Also I didn't realize that they are low-rise which I don't like especially for work ... just not fit for nursing movements at the bedside . 
hey they are white scrubs and are cost effective . 
they hem easy using stitch witchery ironing tape . 
they are comfortable . 
These scrubs pants are nice enough and fit as expected . 
The color is a little lighter than pictured . 
I was hoping these would soften up in the wash but so far they have not . 
Very comfortable and a great fit . 
Just a tiny bit too long , otherwise excellent fit and quality . 
These pants are most definitely a more comfortable material but they run a tad too big . 
They hold up wash afer wash and are comfortable for 12 hour shifts 
Love theses scrubs . 
Vey comfortable and easy care , may need light occasional ironing but usually not . 
Great color verity . 
I'm pleased with these scrubs and would recommend . 
I'm pleased with this purchase . 
As a plus sized woman it is difficult to find scrubs that are comfortable ( not to big , not to small ) . 
I will be ordering another pair shortly so that I have another pair for my clinical . 
I love the cargo pocket , I only wish it had cargo pockets on both sides . 
I'm giving them five stars for the fit and color ( they match my scrub top perfectly ) . 
The drabacks are not having cargo pockets on both sides and there is no pocket in the back on the women's cargo pants ( I have a pair of men's that have pockets on both sides and a back pocket for money , credit card , etc . 
Lasting color and durable as well . 
These pants are really comfortable but still a tad too long for a petite size . 
I had to hem about 2 inches ... My friend commented that they look like yoga pants . 
Washes and dries nicely , and my hubby looks good in it . 
Extremely well made and I can see it lasting for many , many trips . 
It's not a purse , but a great pouch to secure basic valuables against your body . 
As a hardcore geek traveler , I give this product two thumbs up . 
I will be doing some travel in Spain and you have to worry about pick pockets . 
I have heard they will also cut through the normal straps . 
If you have the wire inside the neck band they can't cut it . 
I have a Pacsafe purse I use most of the time once I am at my destination , but in transit and when I am engaged in more hands-on activities , I want to leave the purse behind , but have essentials with me . 
This bag is great for that purpose . 
In either case , the cord rests comfortable on my neck.The zip compartment holds my passport easily ( mine was renewed in 2013 and is considerably thicker than the one that was issued 10 years earlier ) , but is not RFID , nor is large enough to hold an extra RFID sleeve - which is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars . 
Another compartment is shallow - but very nicely sized for credit cards and hotel key-cards . 
I plan to keep passport , boarding passes and credit cards / currency in the pouch during my overseas flight . 
Judging by some of the activities my tour has planned , I will most likely use it cross-body for a good bit of our excursions . 
Another great Pacsafe item . 
I bought a size larger first , but they were too baggy / large . 
There is no toggle / bungee adjust for this pair , unlike the h2 model . 
We ordered both the black and the tan , and both are slick " leatherish " and more attractive than the cloth / canvas of Keen h2s . 
Both look like they can be hosed off as easily as crocs . 
I am very pleased with this purchase and I will stalk this model in future for clearance / secret sales ! 
My 6 years dauhgter love this costume . 
Runs big though - size down ! 
But still cute and they have a lot of fun . 
The headband is crazy small and doesn't stay on but it is a cute costume for a lot of fun . 
The fit is good and they are very comfortable and sleek . 
soft to the touch , the fabric smooth and comfortable fabrics , I love it although the price a little expensive . 
He loved them . 
I think they are probably the best pair of undies he's ever had ! 
Very thin material as well . 
Plus 22 bucks for one pair ! ! ! 
I LOVE these trunks ! 
Best pair of underwear I've ever worn . 
I bought two more and plan to replace all with these . 
Warm , cool , supportive , breathable , light ... treat yoself . 
They fit well and look nice . 
They are on par with the jake joseph brand but a bit longer which I don't mind at all . 
They can hold up to any physical activity but they are not my go to for that . 
Very comfortable fit . 
It is so easy to open the back of the watch and replace a dead battery . 
What a great idea ! 
It is very sharp so be careful . 
This was a great item . 
I use this watch battery replacement kit all the time . 
I don't recommend , spend more for higher quality . 
Oh well . 
its a good cap while it lasted but its worth it since it only lasted for 2 years and it shrunk . 
I chose this for the color , style and price . 
This bra is very comfortable and it fits perfect ! 
This bra was super comfortable , but that was about it . 
Under a tee shirt it showed parts of my body I buy a bra to keep covered . 
IM a size 38dd and thats the problem to find a bra that supports me but doesnt make me feel like im carrying a neck brace , bali always does the job cleanly and comfortably , no extra lace that shows up under my shirts and the material is soft and wears well all day im very happy with this bra and amazons price is fantastic 
This did not look good or feel very supportive for my large bust . 
This is a super cute costume that my son wore to school for his famous American project . 
getting small though ... :) 
I rated it 5 stars because of my granddaughter's delight . 
A nice gift for a little girl ! 
I am truly in love with this hat . 
I also bought a blue one . 
This cap looks good and fits very well . 
It is comfortable . 
Color is good . 
I didn't expect the quality to be as good for the price I paid for this . 
It was very nice quality ! 
Ordered the grey and was pleased with the tone . 
I love , love , love this hat . 
It's many steps up from my usual baseball cap . 
I also bought a gray one . 
Great hat 
I read other reviews stating to get a size larger . 
This is true . 
I wish there was a little more clearance around my foot ( more shoe around my the bottom of my foot ) , however , they do the job and they look nice . 
I love these Reef flip flops . 
I bought a pair last year ( sized up as per reviews ) and they were as supportive and comfortable as described . 
I bought exactly the same pair again this year but had to give them to my daughter as half a size larger was too small in this years ' version . 
This flip flop was somewhat small , but comfortable . 
These flip flops are very comfy and great for walking , I like them a lot . 
I love Reefs . 
I love Reefs . 
I have been a long time reef owner for 15 years or more . 
They are the most comfortable flip flop sandal ;) I love the basic black too , they're perfect ! 
Flips flops are sturdy , durable yet straps are soft and comfy . 
For my preference , these are an excellent purchase . 
Will purchase from Reef again , without hesitation . 
I always know I can count on Reef flip flops - I order them usually a half size bigger so my heel has plenty of room and won't slip off the back and that works great for me . 
This color is very rich and pretty with tan skin . 
They did not disappoint ! 
They are a little wider than my feet which is the only thing that I may change but I still love them . 
I am a huge fan of reef sandals . 
Love these . 
Great price on amazon.com . 
Love Reef Sandy Flip Flops can't say enough good things ... squishy , comfortable and just perfect . 
Love these ! 
I've only had these for a day but they are so comfortable ! 
I think these are the most comfortable flip flops I've ever had . 
There is nothing like this pair of Reefs . 
I've bought them 3 times over the years . 
They last forever , are SUPER comfortable - even for walking long distances , and don't get beat up at the beach . 
The size was perfect , the leather is soft , the boots feels very comfortable wearing . 
The price was reasonable . 
This shoe was purchased for my 95 year old Mother who needed something that was of good quality and closed in . 
I know that she will be happy with the larger size and will fit more comfortably . 
I have to return them even though I love to color . 
I love this slipper and plan to buy another pair in a different color . 
They are very comfortable and have a great fit . 
I'll take her word for it ! 
These are working out well for my son . 
They're warm and holding up well . 
So I decided to try them based on a number of reviews . 
Fit great look great ! 
There light and a great color 
Nice dressy sandals with a little toe protection . 
Cleaned my silver as advertise .. but i should have ordered smaller size so easy to keep and cost savings as will discard as utilized .. but anyway works well in cleaning my tarnished silver .. 
Nice size ! 
It can be used for other metals also , of course , and for silver tableware . 
I bought this and as soon as I opened I used it to clean my very tarnished silver necklace and charm , wow ! ! ! 
it took about 3 seconds to remove all the black , ugly layer , then I polished with the soft side of the cloth and it was shinny as new . 
This is amazing , I always hated having to use those stinky , slimy and ugly cleaners before , so this is just perfect if you want a clean , quick , mess-free product to clean your jewelry . 
So far I have tried it only on silver and it has been amazing , but I haven't tried it on other materials yet . 
Yes , I love this ! ! ! 
The best polishing cloth for my silver jewelry ever and you could not find it more reasonably priced ! 
I wasn't even sure it would work , but from all that I read , I was fairly sure that it at least wouldn't damage it or scratch it up . 
I like to keep my class ring nice and shiny by using this polishing cloth about once a week . 
It only takes me a couple of minutes , and the ring always looks brand new . 
I get about two years worth of use before having to replace it . 
This cloth worked very well without scratching the surfaces of my silver . 
Cream didn't work as well as this cloth did . 
From now on this is what I use . 
We particularly like the size so we are not struggling to polish larger pieces . 
I am a fanatic about keeping my jewelry clean . 
I find this cloth does a wonderful job and does it very easily . 
It is very convenient to use also . 
When they arrive I will be updating this post . 
My husband finds the slippers very comfortable and of good quality . 
He will definitely buy them in the future . 
I love the fact that I can walk outside and my feet stay dry and warm . 
I bought these for my 13 year old grandson . 
These slippers meet my needs very well . 
A previous pair of slippers I owned had a very gummy sole that didn't slip but picked up dirt like a magnet . 
I'm very happy with them . 
They are well built . 
Finding quality , warm slippers , that don't require me to bend over to put on ? ? 
Comfy , warm , great soles to boot . 
Love them . 
They are warm . 
They are true to size . 
I love these L . B . 
They fit well & are well made . 
The soles are made of thick rubber & the interior material seems to be holding up very well ! 
For this price , normal quality , they are tough and do not hear and feathers . 
she still wears them sometimes at home . 
slightly yellowed with time 
Realistic and sturdy . 
I love this little toy . 
It doesn't come with ammo , and I recommend you buying a lot of them because the ammo is small and easily lost . 
If done right , this gun can be great fun for the family . 
this hat is a gift for my grand child , have not given it to her as of yet . 
I got these for when I travel . 
My travel wardrobe is grey and black so these work perfect for me . 
The charcoal color is a really nice shade of grey . 
They are extremely comfortable and durable . 
I've had these since October ( it's now late February ) and they look just as new as when I first got them--even after several washes . 
Either way , I'm buying another one in a different color . 
Great sandals that are extremely comfy . 
The bottom also has good grip and is slightly serrated . 
excellent comfortable walking for walking , shopping , beach , countryside and recommend different activities the product , taketh for future purchases are incredible 
These Reef sandals are very comfortable . 
They were used for a few hours and they were great . 
They will be used often . 
Great for everyday as well . 
But they are very comfortable and well made . 
Had to return it with no hassle thanks to Amazon's no hassle return policy . 
It is a good sandal , but beware of sizing . 
These sandals are resistant and comfortable . 
I bought them a long time ago and the soles are still intact , have only deteriorated a little in the textured footbed on the grip . 
I bought these for my husband , because his sandals were falling apart , and he refuses to buy himself any clothes . 
These are by far the most comfortable flip flops I have ever worn . 
The black obviously gets a bit warm in the sun ... but very comfortable and holds up well to salt water and sand . 
Good sandals , they fit as expected and adjust to the shape of the feet , they look very good and are comfortable . 
Great fit . 
Always concerned when buying shoes online because some aren't wide enough for a size 15 . 
They are a great fit . 
Got these for my husband because he loved his other Reefs and he loves these as well - wears them anytime he needs flip flops ! 
The construction is good , the pattern is crisp and neat and the fabric does well in a wash and dry cycle . 
Great buy . 
Granted I don't know the fill material , but it keeps me warm like the real one I still have fro service . 
It was a great price especially since it was shipped all the way from China where it was manufactured and arrived to my address in a good time frame . 
I wore it right away , but got it dirty from messing with the automobile . 
It did keep its shape . 
These we're actually smaller then I had Imagined but they are still pretty nice . 
Large lens and good quality frames . 
They are a nice thick plastic and the hinges work well . 
They've been dropped a couple of times and have held up well to the light use I've put them to . 
I like these , I prefer white sunglasses vs other colors . 
They keep the sun out of my eyes and so dfar haven't broken . 
I have to say that they are a little bit bigger than I thought which makes my eyes and cheeks sweat a little bit . 
I love these retro inspired sunglasses ! 
only bought 2x bc I lost other pair 
Second pair of these for me . 
Cheap , look nice , and covers a lot of my face . 
The quality is nice and the fit is excellent . 
The tint is perfect for keeping the sun at bay . 
Bagception , if you will . 
Absolutely love it . 
I was debating to get this medium or large since it was the same price and I'm glad I ordered the medium because this one huge but still manageable . 
This duffle bag come folded and fit into a small bag which can be use as toiletry bag . 
The handles can be held together by the Velcro wrap and there's a comfortable detachable shoulder strap to free up your hands when necessary . 
I bought the large first . 
That would be a nice feature to have especially since these babies can be overstuffed . 
Medium and large are not carry-on size of that matters . 
This bag has great style and a ton of room ( I got the large ) . 
The extra bag that it came packed in was a nice touch and can be used to stash the big bag in your suitcase as an extra piece of luggage for the return trip . 
I am sure that it will be fine for carrying a lot of stuff but I'm not sure how long it will stand up to the rigors of travel . 
I bought this for a motorcycle trip out west and I believe it will be fine for that purpose but if you are buying it for many trips in fairly rough conditions you may be disappointed . 
It got a 4 start only because I like the look and they added the extra storage bag as a bonus otherwise a 3 . 
Nice necklace . 
Then I told them I'll only accept the item I ordered and their reply to this was , we don't have it in our stock anymore . 
I didn't believe them , of course , because their listing on Amazon was still up . 
I pointed that out and they told me to return the item and they are ready to refund.At this point , I knew I have had enough crap from them . 
I told them I am not taking any hassle to return this item because the seller was just trying to be a smartass on a cheap wallet . 
Just what I needed and I especially love this color ! 
Fits well in my purse and is easy to access what I need when I get into it ! 
This is a nice wallet . 
The leather is nice - not cheap - and it is just as described . 
it is well made.The credit cards holes are a little tight but they work . 
Very pleased . 
It has enough slots for my cards I have along with a well size snap closure for coins and bills . 
Easy but secure access to cash and change , card slots that are big enough but not too big , and a removable ( thank you ! ) 
Not bulky , but it holds everything . 
Finding a bra to fit has been a challenge . 
I love these bras . 
They fit great . 
So glad Amazon carries them 
Perfectly priced , sexy , and an absolute must for bedroom action . 
This product came in a perfectly packaged box , and is highly appealing . 
You will absolutely be pleased with this purchase , especially if you like lace . 
It was more than i expect , fit me perfectly as I am size 8 US . 
If you are looking for something and are large on top then this will fit you pretty darn good . 
I do wish the color was red but the black is good . 
I love how this gown glides over my curves , and so does my husband ! 
First off , it's a good solid watch . 
Comfortable to wear . 
If it looks good on your wrist , and you love it , buy it on Amazon for the best price on the market . 
A good looking functional watch at a budget price available right here on Amazon . 
Hope this helps , good luck with your Mudman 
This is a real plus in my opinion and makes this watch a real keeper . 
So far it's solid and reliable . 
I do have a tendency at times to hit buttons which flip it off the time setting but is easily reset . 
If you are a large man with big arms it will probably look just fine . 
Very happy with this purchase . 
For the price , they are ok . 
Unfortunately , after about a week of use , the mirroring wears off - even if you're careful not to touch the lenses . 
Only downside is , as others have posted , that they are very dark . 
I rated four stars just cause the're pretty large and look a bit goofy on my face . 
They work great with my skinny jeans & leggings . 
The fit is snug perfectly , and I love the look of them . 
They aren't comfortable to wear all day , but they are cute . 
Great quality leather , pictures are very loyal to the actual product . 
You definitely get what you see . 
Great boots . 
A wonderful , thick sole that is great for harsh weather . 
Clean easily and are comfortable . 
These boots have grip for the snow and ice . 
It's true to size and my calves are a bit big so you can adjust the laces and the strap for more room . 
I love the way they look and they're comfortable to walk around with 
Had to have them hemmed since I use them like regular pants but other than that , they are great pants for work especially in the summer 
Aside from that they're a great pair of cargo pants . 
the quality is very good and so far the color hasn't washed off . 
I like these pants but I don't love them . 
It feels more like yoga pants with a denim look . 
My body type is average with more athletic ( bigger ) legs . 
I've always had issues getting jeans to fit my thighs / calves . 
I usually have had to get a bigger size and they'd be too big at the waistLucky jeans are the first brand of jeans that truly fit my body style and they are versatile so they fit a lot of different body types , too . 
These jeans are not an exception.They are stretchy enough to accommodate my legs and fit nicely around my midsection . 
There is a slight flare at the bottom of the legs of the jeans which I would say is a bit more than a normal boot cut jean , but I like it especially since I have larger calves - - it draws the attention away from them . 
The Lola boot cut are more like a traditional bootcut in my opinion . 
So I got the 27 with a 30 " inseam and it fits perfectly.The color is true to the picture and the jeans are very soft and comfortable to wear . 
for what the size was it was much too small . 
shoulda ordered another size up I guess , On the pic , the skinny model makes it look like the belt is wide and gives some coverage . 
Bought these for my mom ( she loves hello kitty EVERYTHING ) These pajamas are Soooooo soft and great for summer and winter ! 
Great price 
She loved them , they fit perfectly , thank you . 
IT IS A PIECE OF ART . 
I AM A TALL MAN AND I PREFER OVERSIZED WATCHES AND THIS ONE IS PERFECT . 
IT COMES IN A YELLOW BOX WITH A MODERN DESING . 
This might be ok for junk collectors , but if you are a diver or if you want this watch for everyday use , forget about this , this is Chinese junk with a Swiss name and believe me not even for 100 dollars or even 20 dollars this piece of junk is worth the money . 
My 3rd Grand Diver and probably won't be my last . 
Grand Divers have many outstanding features that make them a desirable want . 
This is my second automatic Grand Diver and I love it . 
I've always wanted one but I wanted a good one ; you really have to look at an automatic Grand Diver up close to appreciate their beauty and their craftsmanship . 
The Grand Divers ' do seem to be underpriced for how well they're put together . 
I will have to remove a link or two on this watch but that's nothing ; it will fit a person with a wrist larger than 9 inches . 
The second hand glides nicely across the dial and everything is highly polished.The royal blue color is a true and deep royal blue . 
I've had this watch for over a week and have to say the level of quality for the price ( $ 108 ) is astounding . 
Keeps great time , high quality parts and very stylish . 
Received a number of compliments on the watch . 
I LOVE my Beach Crocs . 
Also , this model is ideal for people with a wide forefoot , unlike the Cayman which is more narrow . 
These shoes are soooo comfortable . 
But come on , the uppers are a mix of synthetic and the lowest possible grade of leather , which is basically just synthetic with a layer of ground up leather dust glued together underneath . 
They look it too . 
Love the idea . 
Definitely need a lingerie bag , or hand wash ... 
They fit great . 
This skirt really looks nice I love the style .. how ever ... it doesn't fit true to size .. 
They are super sexy and the husband loved them but wish they were a tad bigger . 
My teens wanted a cartilage piercing and this was the compromise . 
My teens love it and no one can tell it's not a tea piercing . 
this pant fit just right , my size is 36 and I ordered 36 , just fit great and comfortable and well made 
OK , good for those baggy days . 
I bought these to use as motorcycle pants . 
They are comfortable and offer some protection . 
I also notice they are pretty heavy , but I am a big guy at 6 ' 4 " & 260lbs , so my nts coain a lot of material . 
But comfort is important on long rides and I love the way Carhartt fits and they have that extra gusset of material in the crotch . 
So far I've done a lot of warehouse work and it has kept up with me without any worrisome feel of fraying.Wonderful , I feel as I've made a good investment with this pair of jeans . 
They were to small and so were going to have to return them for a bigger size . 
The length was right , just didn't measure up , on the rest . 
So if your a big guy that carries a little bit of a belly or plan to use them for getting on the ground or floor to work on cars and need that moving space in your pants and waste I'd go with a size up with these . 
Very nice overalls they just run a little small . 
I'll come back and hope to give it 5 stars when we can get a proper sizing back . 
The package was done properly and they got here on time . 
He could not be more pleased with the fit . 
Had a hard time finding this size in the store , we are very pleased . 
I was surprised to find out how well the shirts fit and how strong the material is . 
It's meant to be worn inside the pants . 
Not a deal breaker , but disappointing.The label ( nylon ) stitching at the neck scrapes and chafes . 
Maybe , but I can't say for certain . 
If it shrinks in the wash , probably not because I don't want to go through the process of trying an XL . 
Stay tuned for washing results.ew 
All depends on your style . 
This is a great shirt from Carhartt . 
It is warm in winter . 
It requires periodic ironing especially after it is washed and tumble dried.The material is soft and warm . 
( I bought the tall size - because I ' m tall of course ) . The buttons work well and most of the time they don't need to be resewn on like most of the crappy clothes imported from overseas or Mexico.Pocket flaps keep your junk from falling out of the pockets when you bend over to tie your work boots . 
Great Shirt . 
Carhartt is the best for work clothes . 
Comfortable . 
Large pockets . 
Very happy with the purchase . 
Bought for pinkie finger ; sizing fits perfect and comfortably ; very happy with ring ; like the way it looks and fits on pinkie finger ; ordered size 4 . 
True to size . 
Exactly as pictured , that's a plus to me . 
I needed a formal shirt with a down turned pointed collar . 
Owning 2 other pair of Keene Newports , I was pretty sure of my choice ! 
The only difference in feel from my Newport H2s is that the leather grabs the socks a bit on foot entry as opposed to the nylon straps . 
I expect the leather will smooth and leaving the laces in loosened position helps too . 
My 3 season ( and work ) shoes are great ! 
WAY too small and just not quite wide enough . 
Disappointing as otherwise they would have fit nicely . 
The waistline ( size 14 ) berely fits - it's too tight and very uncomfortable . 
They are well made and have a great feel . 
I love these pants , they're quite comfortable and feel durable through the several wearings / washings I've subjected them to . 
My only two complaints are : - - the waist is very small . 
I loved them the moment I put them on . 
I love the color . 
Based on how this bra looks in the picture , I thought it would be great for shallow breasts . 
The cups were really really deep , and just huge in general . 
Band was great at 36 " , I measure 34 , but a 34 is too tight for me . 
Very nice shirt at a good price ! 
It fits well . 
I received a pair made in Mexico . 
This pair was made in China and looks fine . 
Pros : 1 . 
Easy to wash 2 . 
Stays on my boy's feet despite him doing whatever crazy things boys do . 3 . 
Very durableCons : 1 . 
Although they're roomy , the back strap does a great job keeping it stuck to my kid as he runs down the street , hill , beach , through the stream , down the path , into the mudpile , etc etc . 
My daughter wears a size 6 on Stride Rite shoes and the size 4/5 toddler fits well right now . 
I love to have my kids wear these in the summer outside . 
They are easy to clean . 
Makes 3 yr old a happy gal . 
She runs fine in it . 
Our very active 5 year old wears these everyday to summer camp for swimming , bike riding , climbing trees ect without socks or injuries . 
nice for my daughter , the only thing I have to returned itbecause too small for her .. 
We have owned a number of Crocs for our daughter and as she grows out of them we get her the next size up . 
She loved the pink color and have been living in them since we got them delivered . 
Nice to get them at a discounted price . 
Love these shoes . 
They are so very comfortable . 
So I tried again very happy and a fan . 
this has a lot of compartments . I have always carried buxton .. they last forever .. good quality .. I would recommend this brand to everyone .. 
This wallet has a two large zipper compartments - - aside from a small one the outside which can hold a little change and small one in the second larger compartment . 
I use the first large zipper compartment for credit cards and drivers license and cash , the second compartment holds the plastic photo insert from my prior wallet . 
I don't need access to the photo insert often but when I do it is there and the rest of the time it's protected from falling out . 
The manufacturer includes a small mirror that is attached and useless . 
The leather itself is quite stiff , I hope with use it will become a bit more supple . 
This wallet is the best . 
I will still carry it in my smaller hand bags . 
I hope this helps . 
I use this all of the time . 
It holds everything and is extremely well organized , I know where my iPhone is , my dark glasses , my pepper spray , my drawing pencils , my medicines , and of course my wallet , also by Kipling . 
I can fit my Filofax in it , I can fit a drawing pad or journal , or overnight clothes and extra clothing for the next day . 
My keys are always at hand . 
Love the black for me . 
I do wish I had bought red accessories , as the black ones are hard to find inside the purse . 
We fixed on these because the grommets ( those metal pieces around the shoelace holes ) were smooth and subtle-looking , and the sole did not protrude past the upper . 
So , I will be cleaning them with Jason Markks product , and spraying with Scotchguard . 
I will publish the results . 
( I purchased the Jason Markks product directly from them , as Amazon doesn't sell the boar bristle brush recommended by them for use on suede . ) 
Spend the extra money and get these - well worth it . 
Bought this for my husband as a present , it fits him well and he loves it . 
They look good and every now and then I use them , but they are a bit too small and it makes no sense when I have Merrell's that are so comfortable . 
They are too good to throw out or give to my local charity , but not good enough to use much . 
They appear to be very well made . 
I purchased 2 pairs . 
The outstanding quality and comfort is unbeatable . 
I have size 14xw hard to fir feetand these and the other pair of Sebago's I bought love my feet . 
I also do a logo f walking for work . 
I have purchased a lot of different Merrel shoes through the years and I love them . 
These aren't life changing shoes or anything , but they work great for casual runners such as myself . 
fits perfectly even though I have slightly high arches and not exactly narrow feet . 
My son has extremely wide feet and the extra wide shoe is one of the few that actually fit him so I bought 3 pairs . 
Nice price , excellent show I love it . 
Nice for walk , very light . 
I have a wide foot and these were tight ; I returned them . 
The shoes were a gift for my son and he loves them very much . 
These are so so comfortable out of the box . 
Love the boot and the quick release zipper on the side . 
I had to get insoles but I love the side zip . 
Comfortable and easy to put on . 
I loved this watch . 
My Citizen quartz watches , with solar energy collection , are great " automatic " alternatives that are much more reliable . 
This watch is so popular for some great reasons.So count me in as one more plus vote . 
This is a great little automatic watch . 
Watch bands are easily interchangeable.The styling is loosely based on the WW2 US Army's " A - 1 " watch issued to soldiers and pilots alike.Seiko quality at an amazing price . 
Enjoy ! 
This is my second pair of Birkenstocks in this style . 
This new pair is kind of floppy and doesn't stay " open " when you take the shoe off . 
These also cost considerably less than the other pair . 
They do run large and wide . 
Actually has a great tread ... pretty water resistant and warm so makes a great winter boot and goes well with jeans . 
This Carhartt shirt offers the same great quality material and stitching as other Carhartt items . 
This shirt fit great at first , but shrank a lot ( especially in length and we got a Tall ) after the first wash . 
But very nice vest ! 
I ordered a s , btut it is tight and feels like an extra small and it cuts off your throat . 
Very comfortable , no rubs . 
they wash well and did not shrink in the dryer 
She said her feet stayed warm . 
Recommended for those working in cold weather . 
I love these socks . 
The Thermasilk is warm , but thin . 
The socks bring any moisture to the outside and away from your feet . 
It is great . 
bought these for family member who was having trouble keep the feet warm . 
he loves them and finds them very comfortable . 
Make sure you keep it away from Velcro , it will snag and pull threads every time it gets within a foot of Velcro . 
It reached down to - 40 where I lived and a pair of these socks combined with a pair of the outdoor crew kept my feet warm and toasty for my 30 minute walk to work even when the rest of me was getting beginning stages of hypothermia ! 
They make a huge difference outdoors - keeping him so much more comfortable and warm - and indoors he doesn't even notice he has them on under his jeans . 
Very successful gift ! 
We live in very cold country and this underwear is awesome . 
Very light . 
Hard to imagine that it could really keep you warm but it does without all the bulkiness of heavier underwear . 
Highly recommend . 
When we had a week of single-digit temps in Virginia , I wore these under my regular work closes to and at the office . 
People wonder why I choose wool when hiking in the heat of the Summer . 
Dry feet are happy feet . 
These also offer exceptional cushioning . 
Cotton socks will get wet as you sweat and stay wet . 
That will cause blisters and painful , achy feet . 
Wool wicks the sweat away from your skin and evaporates leaving you feel much more comfortable . 
The Wigwam brand of socks are the ones I use year round . 
They're comfortable , but provide cushioning and keep my feet dry ! 
These are amazingly comfortable , well made , perfect length , and in fact , I'm buying more ! 
The best of all Champion socks that we have ever purchased . 
Yet another great deal from Amazon - I had been squashed into size ten for YEARS - and now my pups can breathe ! ! 
These ( Champion from Amazon ) have a series of sizes , and while each size covers a range of foot sizes , they are much more realistic , smaller ranges , so they fit better . 
In addition , these are thicker , taller , and generally higher quality than the ones I've seen in the stores from Champion . 
if you are looking for a typical sweat pant this is it . 
Nice and thick with a fleece lining , super comfy and warm . 
They are just more comfortable and not confining like so many of my " woman " clothes . 
This is the first pair of Champion sweats ... lightweight and heavy weight that have been cut so narrowly through the hip / rear area . I love sweatpants with the elastic bottom ... nice and warm in the winter . 
The shorts fit my husband just great . 
They have a comfortable fit for him , ( even though he says he needs a smaller size ) . 
We will be ordering more of these shorts . 
Better than some other athletic mesh type shirts I've tried . 
It was comfortable and much cooler than a cotton shirt . 
The size is as expected , if not a little generous . 
We'll see how it holds up over time but so far I like it . 
It's very conservative which means it can serve as wardrobe staple and be there when you need a casual comfortable boot . 
I wasn't willing to pay a lot for boots that I will wear with only a few outfits , so these fulfilled my expectations perfectly . 
The style is restrained , but stylish in its simplicity . 
If you have muscular calves you may have an issue , but the material is stretchy . 
The soles are comfortable , and I can walk in them all day no issues . 
I would LOVE to have them in RED . 
This watch serves its purpose beautifully . 
The bracelet band is very easy to adjust and he loves that the date and day of the week and date are so prominently displayed . 
If you're looking for a digital watch that is comfortable and durable , look no further . 
The little instruction booklet is too small for me to read , but i figured out the basics ... TO SET THE TIME , ETC : push top left button until the seconds flash ... push bottom left button to choose the function / mode ... push bottom right button to cycle through the numbers ( or days ) TO ADJUST THE BAND : dvd 3 saved the day for me ... dvd 3 says : With the the clasp unhooked and the watch facing upwards , take a small conventional screwdriver ( I USED A PAPERCLIP ) and insert it into the slot on the female half of the clasp and gently pry the clip upwards by pressing down on the handle of the screwdriver . 
this is a nice watch with this band Voguestrap TX51012BK Allstrap 16-20 mm i dont like metal bands they are not very comfortable the light works best in total darkness doesnt work well in low light 
This is cheap and I figured if I got a year out of it it was worth the price I paid . 
This watch as inexpensive as it is , works & looks great . 
The little manual is written in a clear and concise manner and is easy to follow . 
After setting it to an atomic time clock , it's still accurate a month later . 
Of course I have 9 years & 11 month before I can critique the battery . x 
Very attractive watch . 
Face is dark blue . 
Youtube videos were some help but the link locks were just difficult to remove for some reason . 
Still 5 stars because it is a very nice looking watch . 
So far , it's keeping perfect time . 
The hands don't stay illuminated very long in the dark , but that's not an issue with me . 
recommend but first read well the size 
I absolutely love the fact that the F - 91W keeps better time than ANY Swiss chronometer . 
It's a social commentary perhaps , but the utilitarian aspects of the F - 91W make it very worthwhile for many people . 
I bought this based on reviews that it is very OPERATOR and has good battery life . 
Its just too thin and light compared to the G Shocks I prefer . 
If you want to be a Tier 1 Operator look for a more substantial watch . 
I plan to give this as a HS grad gift to a young sports enthusiast . 
It is attractive , and affordable so I am hoping it will be well received . 
It's small and cute ! 
I'm not a pink fan but I love this watch . 
I love love love it . 
I settled on this watch-although the name says " Resin Strap " the strap is actually nylon and some leather-like material.On the plus side , it has the usual basic watch functions , is low-priced and seems sturdy . 
To set it , you have to push the mode button 3 times ( from the time " screen " ) to get to the set mode . 
To move between the number ( seconds to minutes to hours etc . ) 
you need to push the Light button . 
Often invaded company Casio world of products and models , is flooded each eye and hit all heard ! Economic well-known products from cheap to very expensive and with the amazing features , and versatility is hard to describe , and this product is a venerable brand creations , & This product is especially for those who prefer the size of the average and suit them , Each Casio products against water and water-resistant and fully real , competitive price Amazon prices compared with other vendors and good customer service and shipping distinctive 
It works well and lasts forever , or until the color all wears off and it looks like it's been through the war . 
What I want in a watch isn't much , to be water resistant for swimming and showering and such , for the band and watch to last a long time , to be accurate , to have a light that makes it easy to see in the dark , and to have all the information I need at a glance such as the date , day of the week , and digital time . 
Other than that it's a typical inexpensive Casio watch with good crisp digital lettering that is easy to see , and a light button that is easy to light up and see . 
However , Casio should put a delay on the light so that it stays on for a few seconds after you press the button . 
For an inexpensive watch it looks very professional and handles very well . 
Great materials and highly recommend for such a great price . 
If you need an accurate , simple , and reasonably sturdy watch , this is a good option . 
This is one of my backup watches , which I keep in my day pack , which I tend to loan out for friends . 
It's easy to set , and has been accurate within 1/10 th of a second ( as close as I can perceive ) for over a month . 
Very no-frills , but it's excellent for what it is . 
I am a 65 year old woman - - - I love this watch because it is a little larger than the typical woman's watch of this same style , yet it still looks good on me , not bulky , or too large - - - and with the black face , it adds a little bit of a dressier aspect . 
I now have several of these fine , inexpensive watches simply because I fear the day that Casio will realize that it's too great a bargain and withdraw it . 
It's looks black and discretely sophisticated . 
They had questions about certain " substances " that were found in it which was when it was revealed that it was recovered by a plumber from a clogged toilet.It ' s reliable , comfortable and the only slight negative is that if it's very hot , your wrist might sweat a bit . 
I love this watch so much . 
It fits great and does not irritate my skin like most do . 
I can wash the dishes with it on or wash my hands and it still works . 
very good product and is original , I have purchased other watches of this brand are very good that I bought for the Pope from my wife and satisfied is a retro model of good quality waterproof and belt fits well is good size . 
I first encountered this watch in a big--box store , and found it a good value . 
It's got an alarm which is excellent for travel , a stop watch which I seldom use , though good to have in a pinch . 
) , the date and the day of the week . 
The old , old version of the watch was solid stainless steel . 
The newer version is chrome-colored plastic , and just doesn't hold up as well.Oh , well , such is life . 
Everything's easy to use and set if you take 2 minutes with the manual . 
If you're familiar with Casios , you won't even need the manual . + Very light and thin . 
There's a similar model with " Electro-Luminescence " that is no-doubt better in this regard . 
I knew that going in , but I felt the big blue " ELECTRO-LUMINESCENCE " banner on the watch face kind of ruined the 80s look of it . 
I really like this watch and more if Casio brand is the best brand available in terms of watchesRegards 
very nice i gift it to my father he is happy and he like it thank you very nice watch 
It took me a while to realize what an incredible deal this watch is . 
Casio makes good products that always work well and this is no exception . 
There are a few things that are not ideal . 
Finally , I had to keep the tiny manual handy for a few months as the alarm and other settings don't seem very intuitive to me . 
And , on my watch at least , the lighted dial works superbly whenever I push the light button . 
It looks great , it works great - - at this price it's a real gem ! 
This is the only watch I have ever found that survives me for 2 + years . 
My husband loves Casio watches and generally buys them at Wal-Mart , however they didn't have any he liked . 
I have owned other Casio watches and they are very accurate , with a great battery life . 
The only negative is the print of the watch face is almost too small to read . 
Good thing the positions can be easily memorized . 
The model 5600 Casio G Shock . 
From Police officers , to firemen and women , soldiers , first responders , mechanics , explorers , and just good old fashioned hard working men and women ... We have all come to understand , demand , and depend on the Casio G Shock family of watches to take a massive beating right alongside us since 1983 . 
You simply can't go wrong buying this classic testament of a watch that can take a beating and keep on ticking . 
Try doing a YouTube Search on all the stress tests that many have placed G Shocks under and you will be amazed . 
Great job as always ! 
amazing price ! 
My son is a first responder and needed a sturdy watch that could withstand some abuse . 
He only replaces them when the band breaks , but the watch is still good . 
Classic G with the rectangular face . 
Good first watch for a kid or to use as a disposable travel watch . 
Love this watch . 
The price was great too . 
Plus , I love the look of this watch on my arm . 
You will love this watch . 
If you would like the history of the G-Shock brand that begins all the way back from 1983 , here's the official link :[ ... ] Now , about this specific model the DW6900 - 1V is a model that has been around since the early 2000 ' s and is considered to be an entry level unit in the G-Shock family of products . 
Here are the official specs from the casio website : Shock Resistant 200 Meter Water ResistantEL Backlight with AfterglowFlash AlertFlashes with buzzer that sounds for alarms , hourly time signal , countdown timer time-up alarm 1/100 second stopwatchMeasuring capacity : 00 ’ 00 ” 00-59 ’ 59 ” 99 ( for the first 60 minutes ) 1:00 ’ 00-23 : 59 ’ 59 ( after 60 minutes ) Measuring unit : 1/100 second ( for the first 60 minutes ) 1 second ( after 60 minutes ) Measuring mode : Elapsed time , split time , 1st - 2nd place timesCountdown timerMeasuring unit : 1 secondCountdown range : 24 hoursCountdown start time setting range : 1 second to 24 hours ( 1 - second increments , 1 - minute increments and 1 - hour increments ) Other : Auto-repeatMulti-function alarmHourly time signalFull auto-calendar ( pre-programmed until the year 2039 ) 12/24 hour formatsAccuracy : + / - 15 seconds per monthBattery CR2016Approx . 
So like many folks I would go to Walmart and pickup a 15 dollar watch every year . 
Until about 2 years ago I saw a UPS driver wearing a G-shock watch ( not the DW6900 , but a different model ) . 
Everything about this watch is amazing . 
Simple in functions compared to more upscale G-Shocks , but for me that's a plus . 
I just need a timer for daily tasks and a Chronometer for exercise . 
Plus this watch has a fantastic feature that many digital watches no longer have , even the upscale time pieces : The feature is that no matter which watch mode you are in , the time is always displayed on the upper right portion of the screen . 
This may seem small in importance , but believe me when you get started using the watch you will wonder how you managed without the function in the first place . 
I find it very strange how this function is not available on most digital watches now ... The only two minor complaints that I have about this watch are : 1 - ) If you have small wrists you may prefer the smaller model 5600 which is the all time classic still available , and fits much better on smaller wrists . 
2 - ) The " G " imprint on the light button is not colored ... Again this is a small dislike that to others may not think it is . 
In my opinion Casio could have colored it red for an extra 3 cents on the cost of the watch if that ... To wrap up the review , for the price of this watch there is no better watch out there . 
This watch has made history around the world , everybody has a master time piece like this , in one word it is part of the human culture 
The only thing I don't like is that the band isn't as wide as on some of my other G-shocks . 
The internal lightening is very good with equal distribution across all the surface . 
Must have for the price at which it is available on Amazon ( Excellent value of money ) . 
I like the build quality and the look for sure . 
Only complaint I have is the embedded buttons . 
That's all though , nothing big , just a little extra effort . 
I had this watch for a year , and let me tell you it is the toughest watch I have ever owned . 
Got sandwiched between closing doors , hit by car doors and scrapped through a street floor . 
What a remarkable watch ! 
So strong and well made . 
The only complaint I have about this watch is that it is too bulky , too big for my small wrists . 
If you have small wrists , I recommend the Classic 5600 or 6900 series G Shocks . 
The watch is good , I like the design , but the light is not strong and does not look good when night or in dark places , but it's good brand and design . 
this is a nice watch But be prepared to go by a good jeweler to work magic ! 
Love this watch . 
I didn't read the description carefully enough , and didn't choose well . 
This watch is practical and easy to read . 
I kept checking my cell phone for the latest time , however I still use a clamshell style and would leave it in whatever room I wasn't . 
They are amazing watches and over time we feel that the quality is still the same ... wonderful ! 
It was running when he received it and is still going strong ! 
Great item ! 
I smel Chinese Dungjunk ... 
I smel Chinese Dungjunk ... 
I smel Chinese Dungjunk ... 
I smel Chinese Dung 
Great price and very good quality , my parentslove it , they don ` t take care of a luxury watch so this option was great and the numbers are big nough for them ... 
Nice watch , excellent price ( under $ 10 ) but not as nice as one I owned in the 80 ' s . 
The watch itself is very thin , and the strap is also very thin . 
I read the manual but you can figure it out on your own in a few minutes even if you don't do that.The watch is very lightweight and looks quite stylish in a retro way . 
Still , those are minor quibbles . 
They keep excellent time , has an easy-to-use alarm feature , and feels nice and comfortable . 
The band is especially comfortable and easy-to-use.The only downside is that the watch ' case ' is made of plastic ( used to be solid stainless steel ) and the watch breaks where the band pins go into the watch . 
I had a simple Casio analog watch with push button backlight , and I loved it . 
I can report that my worries were mostly unfounded . 
The instructions are very easy to follow and , once programmed , there is very little most people will have to remember . I have no intention of using this watch as an alarm , stopwatch or anything other than to tell time and light up when I need it . 
It does those things quite well . 
It also has one more very cool feature . 
By pushing one button , you can set the back light to go on whenever you lift your wrist and look at it . 
The hands do not light . 
Also , it takes one simple adjustment to toggle between daylight and standard time , eliminating the need for resetting the digital time . 
The good trade off is that it is more water resistant , and that's very nice . 
I also think it has a nice appearance that makes it worth at least double the price . 
Make notes on your smartphone about the functions you think you will need , and refer to those when you need help . 
I am very pleased with this watch . 
It feels well on the wrist , looks good and keeps perfect time . 
The manual is written clearly , and it is quite easy to set the analog and digital features of the watch . 
I set it to an atomic clock so that it is accurate to the second and remains so a month later . 
Chinese nockoffI smelled Chineese dung but I bought it anywaywe send our dollars to the billion that hate usbut we employ them in nuclear facilities and they spy on us ! ! ! 
This watch doesn't look nearly as good on my wrist as it did in the photo on the Amazon page . 
I should have known not to expect much from a $ 20 watch . 
Having owned numerous Casio watches , and having purchased this particular one for a gift , I wasdisappointed . 
This is one of two I bought and they are easy to use and inexpensive . 
Great purchase ! 
Provides adequate lighting for night operations . 
great watch for the price of cheap china's watches 1 year warranty + 10 years batterygreat for sports or very day use i really like it seems good qualityand it looks exactly as the first 3 picturesthe diameter is a bit small ( like big diameter watches ) but its great and better than other cheap watches ... great buy 
Often invaded company Casio world of products and models , is flooded each eye and hit all heard ! Economic well-known products from cheap to very expensive and with the amazing features , and versatility is hard to describe , and this product is a venerable brand creations , & This product is especially for those who prefer the size of the average and suit them , Each Casio products against water and water-resistant fully real , competitive price Amazon prices compared with other vendors and good customer service and shipping distinctive 
The surface scratches very very easily . 
I once had a minor incident whereby another persons jade just lightly touched my watch , so trivial I didn't think anything would scratch . 
When I had a look , I had a scratch on the watch.Another problem is with the resin strap . 
Not worth buying the strap ( can't use non propriety ones ) . 
just a good watch , you can use it with any cloth and any occasions , is the first of this , happy with this beautiful watch 
nice piece . 
The product was smaller that it showed on the site . 
My daughters hands are small so she is in love with it . 
The previous reviews are accurate - it is small . 
And by small , I mean tiny . 
But it's still a functional watch that does what I need . 
It keeps excellent time and I am delighted with it . 
I specifically bought this watch to wear while I am working at the hospital . 
I didn't want to ruin an expensive watch at work . 
I , however , love small watches , so this is perfect for me . 
I know that picture shows the image how ' big ' it is but it is way too small . 
I'm mid 20th and really not considered fat but this watch is soo small barely fit my wrist . 
I thought this was a cheap but fine little every day watch - but the plastic is so smooth it slides when it slides against the opposing side of the band .. 
In short - it slid out of the " clasped " position and dropped quietly off my wrist while i was out in the world . 
Very tiny , I returned it . 
Although it appears a tad larger in the picture , it was not . 
It keeps time well and I have yet to replace the battery . 
Great watch ! 
It lays flat , is lightweight , is comfortable and most of all , I can easily read the face of the watch . 
- - - It's not fancy - - - just a great all around watch for work , and most activities . 
Love this watch . 
I've got a couple , one in black , one in gold , and I'm very pleased with both . 
The dive bezel works smoothly but moves in both directions , so it's not for true Scuba ... however I've snorkeled with this down to 20-25 feet and no problems , so it's definitely waterproof for all non-Scuba uses.Time adjustment is simple . 
It's a great watch at twilight because you can still clearly read the dial . 
The second hand is also easy to read in all light levels.This is a quietly handsome watch at a great price . 
Solid , reliable like every Casio , but unpretentious . I've worn mine as a general outdoors sports / beach / knockaraound watch , and it still looks great.The crystal is completely un-scratched despite some pretty careless treatment . I'm totally pleased with both of mine . 
Check out the white and black face versions as well . 
This same style series also comes in a three-dial chronograph version which is equally attractive , affordable and reliable . 
Prices fluctuate , so do shop around.Hope this is helpful . 
Happy times , everybody . 
Dual time zone watches that make sense are hard to find ; this one is on my military wrist daily and has been for three years now . 
Plus an alarm clock . 
The casing is bright and attractive but not flashy . 
The rubber straps are thick and wide making it tough and making it look tough . 
You can see it during the day and a night it's very bright . 
Love this watch . 
I've got a couple , one in black , one in gold , and I'm very pleased with both . 
The dive bezel works smoothly but moves in both directions , so it's not for true Scuba ... however I've snorkeled with this down to 20-25 feet and no problems , so it's definitely waterproof for all non-Scuba uses.Time adjustment is simple . 
It's a great watch at twilight because you can still clearly read the dial . 
The second hand is also easy to read in all light levels.This is a quietly handsome watch at a great price . 
Solid , reliable like every Casio , but unpretentious . I've worn mine as a general outdoors sports / beach / knockaraound watch , and it still looks great.The crystal is completely un-scratched despite some pretty careless treatment . I'm totally pleased with both of mine . 
Check out the gold face version as well . 
This same style series also comes in a three-dial chronograph version which is equally attractive , affordable and reliable . 
I'm surprised that the other reviewers didn't realize you have to REMOVE the watch from your wrist to get an accurate temperature reading . 
He sets it outside on the deck for a few minutes to get the temp . 
Also , he loves the digital and analog read-outs . 
They have stayed perfectly in synch . 
Casio makes a lot of fancy watches with as many functions as a Swiss Army knife , but they also weigh as much as a Swiss Army Knife . 
This watch is handy , but the calculator numbers are very tiny , and the calculator functions are printed in dark red against a black background , making them impossible to read except under a bright light . 
My ability to read small numbers and symbols is fading , so I may have to get a different model calculator watch with more visible numbers and functions that may not " look adult " , but who cares , as long as I can read it . 
Just a note that this does not have a backlight other than that this is a perfect item for any chinld of any age , built to last and built well . 
This is a basic calculater watch that offers quick access to the time , a calculator , a stop watch and another time zone time . 
For travelers , The last part is very hekpful if you want to land and immediately adjust to the current time . 
Of course having a calculator on your wrist may not appeal to everyone , but I need it . 
A stopwatch is a runner's or as in my case , a walker's fruend . 
He even figured out how to use the calculator by himself . 
This is an attractive timepiece that can give much more information than just the time in both a digital and an analog format . 
The list is too long to list here but ranges from the temperature in F , or C . to the time in any city in the world but be prepared to a challenging array of button pushing to programing or setting any of the functions . 
I love this watch and for the money - it can't be beat . 
I LOVE this watch . 
I buy it mainly because of the awesome , easy timers . 
Just one press of the timer button and you have a 1 minute countdown timer . 
Press it twice for 3 minutes , again for 5 , etc . 
I also love the small size . 
Did not work for me . 
Needed extra Suspender buttons for a different pair of pants . 
Work great . 
I'm happy ! 
these are adorable , great fit , soft , work well for yoga , roll down waist has nice lycra stretch and holds you in too if you need that . 
Grandson is 15 months old . 
Daughter was very pleased with the structure and quality of shoe . 
All in all , we are very pleased with the shoe . 
This is a pretty good shoe for those special occasions , but proper sizing may take a couple of atttempts . 
Well , I have to vote for the too big side . 
Shoe has nice rubber soles and is easy to get on with the elastic in the lip . 
Pricing was right , packaging was secure , and delivery was timely . 
They fit true to size as well . 
They did give my son a little rub mark right at his ankle but only on one foot . 
She wanted red and the style she has was out of red so I tried these . 
This style was too tight in the toes . 
This is a plain but elegant looking watch , and it charges from sun ( or room ) light , keeps time very well and is also pretty visible with large 12 , 6 and 9 numerals that are luminous for easy night use . 
The price is amazing , and the warranty is five years out of the box . 
It fits perfectly . 
I love it . 
Very comfortable . 
Uncomfortable--band very small . 
Cup size fine . 
That's a first . 
Pretty on the outside--itchy on the inside . 
Must return . 
This garment bag works well for my needs . 
I love the pocket space for extra shoes , wallet , and other loose items . 
I have carried as many as three dresses and two pairs of slacks at a time with room to spare . 
Very warm and very soft a bit too small for my legs so I'm using them as arm and hand warmers . 
Love them for that . 
Received these last night and was quite pleased . 
They are soft and quite warm and they fit my calves very well without sliding down . 
Keep in mind that if your calves are larger they may be too tight . 
Nice value for the money 
Purchased this in a long length to wear with my long flowy skirts & it is the best undergarment . 
I have found sizing up when in doubt is best with this brand . 
They are bulky in appearance compared to a lot of flip flops , but man are they cushioned and comfortable ( especially after molding them in the oven ) . 
Very cushiony and comfortable but with support for your arch . 
LOVE THEM and I love this light blue color combo ! 
I didn't realize when I made this purchase that you could bake these sandals in the oven and let them mold to your feet , so that was a nice surprise to read about when I opened the package . 
They are definitely comfortable . 
I purchased these twice , because they are so comfortable and supportive . 
In fact the tread began peeling after just a few months of walking on normal surfaces . 
Compare that to the less comfortable but inexpensive reefs and tevas that will last 5 + years without falling apart . 
Great sneakers ... really comfortable ... light on my feet and I love the color . 
I love these Saucony shoes ! 
They fit great . 
I'm usually an 8.5 or 9 in most shoes and ordered the 8.5 in this model . 
Comfortable , stylish , and true to size ! 
Love Saucony shoes but the Jazz are my go to's ! 
I own 5 pair ( some are the retro with the thicker heel ) but all are great in cute colors . 
Typical backpack size and will hold lots of folders , spirals , etc ... durable . 
Purchased this for my 15 year old son . 
it was used to transport school books . 
There are two manufacturing contact points at the base of the buckle . 
This used to be a wonderful watch . 
Now , a few years later , I bought another one and promptly returned it when I saw that it was turning my wrist red from irritation . 
I presume it was a return . 
Hopefully the Rockport shoes will last awhile . 
Great shoe for the price . 
The shoes fit well , but the top of the tongue has a sharp leather edge that dug into the front of my ankle which made it uncomfortable for me . 
These pants work great for work . 
They are thin and comfortable and durable . 
Be aware various styles all fit different due to the different cuts and designs of the various styles . 
This pair fits very well , nothing to complain there ... but ... The fabric is too thin , and in no way this would be suitable for cold ( er ) weather . 
It does not feel like this pair is made for durability.Over all , it fits ok , but if feels ... flimsy . I will keep it any way , as the summer is close . 
Waist was small , the fit was not at all right . 
Lots of subtle pockets on both hips are what makes these pants nice . 
Many of us need those extra pockets for things like , keys , wallet , phone , large pocket knife , mini pocket knife , pistol , etc . 
The key word is " subtle , " and Carhartt did a great job integrating these pockets in a way that doesn't draw too much attention . 
They are a very competitive price on amazon and fit right for the man that doesn't want his pants under his chest . 
He likes his pants just under his belly . 
It's so small in size and there is no give to the elasticity in it at all . 
It's sooooo tiny . 
What a great little lace garter belt ! 
I was concerned since it was listed as " One Size " , but after receiving it , it fits me perfect . 
I absolutely love the delicate and feminine lace . 
It is extremely sexy , and love the way it looks on me . 
And the price was great ! 
If you are looking for an inexpensive garter belt that looks great and functions perfectly to keep your thigh-high stockings in place , this is it ! 
Those two were also sewn on lopsidedly , it kinda looks like : V | | sooorrta like that . 
Very soft and nice during the Winter months or keeping the sun off of you in Spring or Fall . 
Breath able , durable , thick . 
Another great shemagh . 
Fill up a bucket or large pot with enough warm water to submerge the scarf . 
After 20 min , wring it out in the sink and replace the dirty water with new fresh warm water . 
Repeat this process one more time and air dry over your shower curtain rod , or on a clothesline.This process will help bleed some of the fresh ink out of it so it won't stain when wet . 
It will also help to soften it . 
plus , I'm still trying to memorize the ways to wrap this thing ;-) 
This scarf is cheap and that is its best attribute . 
It is absolutely useless for any form of protection . 
The Sellers markup on this product must be tremendous . 
I would have returned it but in addition to the return postage they have the nerve to charge you a 15 % restocking fee ( as if to throw this piece rubbish back on the shelf is worth a couple of bucks ) . 
BUY U . S . A . - you may pay a bit more but you get a reliable & substantial product . 
This is a very comfortable , Multi-functional item ... Great face cover to keep you warm , but with still amazing breath-ability . 
I plan to order another color or two in the future ... And these things just look cool as well :) 
The black and white scarf has a nice and authentic design . 
It can be a pain to fold / wrap into an ideal shape , and it's not the warmest or fanciest-looking scarf ( it's meant to be used in heat / sand as well ) , but it's a bit longer than other scarves and has a distinctive look . 
I gather some people associate it with a certain view of Middle Eastern politics , which I hadn't anticipated , but that seems like a minor concern . 
I haven't really ever used it to cover my mouth or face , but it's nice to know I can if we ever get a sandstorm in NY . 
I wore them for Halloween and received so many compliments . 
I love these stockings . 
For the price , you cannot beat it . 
They also very cute on and sexy . 
Makes your legs look very sexy . 
These make my legs look absolutely terrible . 
I wear a size 0-2 pants and these squeezed my legs so tight and made my thighs look like I had huge amounts of cellulite . 
Search finally over . 
Trust I was searching for quiet some time . 
They're very thin and can only be worn a few times until they tear . 
I love these . 
I think this is the first gift I've given her in 15 years she not only kept , but actually loves . 
Likes the way they stay put , block the wind and work with her hearing aids . 
The " chinchilla " is not a true chinchilla animal . 
They are great for my daughters chubby baby feet . 
She has been in them since 9 months when she started walking and still fits them at 15 months so they are definitely worth the price . 
Nothing but good can be said about their products , but do wait for the sales , which are always available , as they are a bit pricy . 
Love these little boots ! 
I paired it with a pirate hat that was beautifully made and He loved it . 
I also sent his girl friend a maiden pirate costume . 
We had a family pirate theme this year , and my husband said the costume was overall itchy and uncomfortable . 
These are THE real military ACU pants , and if anyone is looking for real US ARMY ACU PANTS and solid trousers , these are the one , great and good fit ! 
Bought these sunglasses for myself but had to give them to 6 year old boy - This is how small those sunglasses are . I think Ray-Ban RB3183 may work for guys with small faces , and by small I mean REALLY small.Quality wise those are as expected . 
They're lightweight , sturdy , the polarized lenses are a must . 
Very comfortable . 
They fit perfectly on him . 
Love the way they look ! 
The first shipment of this was one that had a defect , which I didnt gind out until after the expiry period gor returns . 
Greatnlook and would eexommemd amazon asntjeir cisromer service is amazing . 
First timw I have ever had a problem with a purchase and am happy I syixk withnamazom over the years 
Having never tried on the 514 ' s before , I have to admit that this just may be the best pair of jeans I own . 
Levis hava always been the best choice for me . 
I have had more expensive jeans but always return to Levis 
The jeans fit very well and they are of very good quality and look great . 
These pants are way more comfortable than I ever imagined , they don't feel super durable but only time will tell . 
These jeans are faded blue and have little different color than most of my other lighter color jeans . 
Yes , my son's use the wish list option for Christmas and birthdays . 
Enough of a recommendation as far as I'm concerned . 
So we buy an inch longer & are happy with them in the long run . 
This is just what I needed . 
The color is great . 
I'll definitely be ordering more . 
Levi gets a lot of flak for the material quality , but these jeans feel solid and look good for the price . 
I think the type of material is dependent on the wash you order . 
Ladies with Kardashian sized behinds or Jennifer Lopez sized backside , listen up ! 
The legs are slim enough but not tight ( so it fits your outlandish man-sized thighs ) but the seat of the pants are large enough to fit Arsenio Hall's famous buttocks . 
In fact , I put a small phone book in the rear while the waist button was closed and I could still stick my full hands in the back pockets . 
I guess the foreign pattern makers who work Levi's jeans these days watch too many American TV shows and think that this is the land of the unfit lard behinds . 
I had a pair of another brand in the slim look and was very happy with them until I spilled some sticky substance that would not come out ... threw them away . 
I'm buying all Levis slim look jeans . 
Amazon this is a great price ... wish you had a Lay A Way Plan . 
A little baggier that I had hoped , but still an overall good fit.Next time Ill go with a 32 32 
The label on the pair of jeans I received said 36x32 ( waist 36 " , leg 32 " ) , but when I wore it , It had plenty of room to spare on my waist ! 
I was delighted , thinking that my diet had been successful . 
I think it's possible to have an inexpensive foam that is higher quality for the cups . 
I also think the cups are slightly large and seem to crease , strange because none of my other bras have this issue . 
It's comfy for work . 
Gives a slight lift , isn't tight around the ribs and gives beasts a natural lifted shape . A + + 
This brand fits well and is comfy . 
This bra fits nicely and without any weird shapes or gaps in the cup . 
It's soft , simple , and functional , which is what i was wanting . 
The straps are comfortable and don't dig into my shoulders and the band doesn't roll like a lot of the ones with only two hooks do . 
Most comfortable bra I have ever worn . 
The girls are happy , not running free , but comfy & cozy without feeling punished . 
I have a hard time with bras as I live in a pocket of unfortunate women whose breasts are not proportionate to their body and thus my small breasts have a hard time finding a bra that is both large banded and small cupped . 
Since I bought this for my wife , I can't give you a first hand account of how it fits , but she says it fits good , and I think her boobs look really great in it . 
this was bulky , bumpy , shaped weird . 
It just did not work . 
Bought this bra as a gift and have gotten nothing but positive feedback about it . 
She loves the softness of the cups and says it's very comfortable--she generally wears a 36B and it's true to fit . 
While she typically finds underwire bras rather uncomfortable , she says that this bra's underwire is so soft and flexible she barely even notices it's there . 
We bought the Soft Taupe color and it was just as expected--a perfect color to wear under those light colored shirts . 
I'm almost always a 36C . 
This one is small in the band size and just a tad small in the cup , but a smooth fit and pretty comfortable . 
I found by the second day I wouldn't be able to deal . 
There are plastic hinges of sorts keeping the front strap attached to cups and I found that they squeak whenever I move.The plastic ring in the back is slightly irritating as well . 
It was pretty though and I loved the style . 
I don't think it was me , this is the first time I've had a 36D of any brand be too small . 
I didn't see any reviews that said it ran small though , so who knows ... 
The bra is not " too large " as to the fit , but It is flimsy and not very comfortable . 
For me , not one that I will be purchasing again . 
The product arrived right on time and in a perfectly sized box . 
I really like the design , color ( beige ) & how incredibly good it feels . 
Definitely recommend the vendor & product ! 
It fits pretty true to size ( maybe a little small ) . 
I hate underwire and this gives the same look without the actual wire - which is much more comfortable . 
The cups look nice , soft and smooth , but they run too small and my girls were spilling on all sides . 
Well ill tell you what happen , I work in Afghanistan and came home for R & R after 3 months . 
My wife is always surprising me one way or another when picking me up at the airport . 
I love my wife and I hope she never stops doing these crazy things for me ! ! 
I was so happy to receive this ring . 
It came in a cute little silver box , inside of a outside box . 
If you want something nice for a small amount of money get this ! 
We're going to keep looking for a box we can both share . 
I just love this box for my watches . 
Great purchase . 
the well engineering designed in shape , color , texture , comfort , balance leg weight distribution designed , color is stunning , appearance is eye catching . 
I need a 2E width for my aging feet and they have what I need . 
Great shoe , just too small . 
This shoe is nice and comfortable , justvthe wrong size by a half . 
What can I say that I didn't say about all New Balance shoes , wears like iron , feels light as a feather and I love the red 
These ML574 ' s are another in a long line of quality athletic shoes . 
I like the comfort . 
The tread is not excess , so the shoe has functional comfort . 
I have tall sons with big ( and in some cases wide ) feet . 
My oldest wears a size 16 and the next one wears a 15 . 
You can't walk into brick and mortar stores and get shoes for feet that size.Even though my younger 3 boys don't have huge feet yet , I still choose the New Balance brand over others . 
New Balance size ranges , quality , and pricing are consistently reliable.Amazon is the best place to get New Balance shoes at the best price . 
This is a great sneaker that can be worn with just about anything . 
Kinda snug on the sides , wish the wide version was availble , but overall their comfy for everyday use . 
But it's a classic look great with jeans , comfortable and hardly goes unnoticed which is something given the shoe has been around for ages . 
This is the second time I've purchased this shoe . 
First pair were amazing ; extremely comfortable and casual . 
Felt like SOT could not return the shoe after a week of use , and now I feel like I can't trust buying this shoe anymore . 
After readying some of he it's her reviews on this snake necklace , I thought to chance it anyway . 
It's very pretty , and even sturdy , but my only complaint is , is that my hair gets tangled up in it daily ! 
I needed a shorter chain for a silver pendent charm . 
I got this chain as a replacement for my old one and this one is nice and shiny . 
It looks delicate , yet feels durable . 
SO far--a happy camper . 
These fit me extremely well and they are very comfortable . 
I'm looking forward to enjoying these sunglasses for many years to come , unlike the cheap ones that I replace yearly , if not more often , If you are at all on the fence about these sunglasses I recommend you give them a try , you won't be sorry ! 
This has plenty of room and I love the colors . 
I bought this for my Mother who likes a large wallet with lots of slots and function . 
It also zips , so cards wont fall out . 
The color is awesome and can be found easily in the bottom of a large purse . 
Bought this for an early Mother's Day present for my mother who loves the large wallet clutch . 
Loved the calculator and all the slots and compartments . 
What I did notice was a very strong odor of plastic or color dye . 
Nice - holds everything , and is able to expand if needed . 
Its big , Its . 
red and it has a flap . 
Make sure you have a large purse to carry this in . 
I like the color and will purchase this brand wallet when I need another color . 
It holds all that I need to carry & that's a lot . 
It looks like it'll hold up under a lot of wear & tear ! 
I travel a lot ! 
This wallet is amazing ! 
It holds all my crap with room to spare . 
There are several zipper compartments and the slits for the credit cards , driver's license , etc . 
were the perfect size allowing me to easily slip my cards in and out without resistance ... something that is usually a problem for most wallets . 
Love all the compartments and the softness of the wallet . 
Highly recommended . 
When I received this one from Amazon I was so pleased with its concept and design . 
It holds everything I need to take with me at moment's notice , contains slots and pockets for change , checks , receipts , credit cards , you name it ! 
It's a little larger than the one I used to carry but it's functionality makes it worthwhile . 
It is large enough to hold everything . 
Matches my red purse perfectly . 
Love this wallet . 
The color is absolutely beautiful . 
have not tested the water resistance 
Great watch for a great price . 
Easy to read . 
Love the magnifier over the date . 
Not a big dial so looks great for work . 
This watch is great , My wife loves it . 
Its dressy , classy , and it is the right size for her . 
The watch looks great on . 
The clasp is a little wide . 
Thankfully , you don't really need to read it to tell time . 
Face is smaller than its picture . 
However , as I have small wrists , this is a great fit . 
Don't mind that it runs on a battery . 
It seems to keep time just as well as my other Invicta that is self winding . I would recommend this watch to anyone interested in a reliable , accurate , and attractive watch . 
The only reason I did not give it a five star rating is because the face is a bit small , and this may not appeal to men with large hands and writs . 
Definitely will have people complimenting you wrist with this timepiece on . 
Highly recommend it . 
This is a great watch to have . 
its a great size and it works great , i had this watch for while now and it still works like new . 
I went out and paid $ 15 to get the battery replaced and the watch started working . 
* * * The watch looks great , and that's all that I really cared about.However , the watch arrived with a dead battery which required me to spend $ 15 at a jewelry store to get it replaced . 
When you're buying a watch this inexpensive that's a huge negative.It also doesn't actually have a rotating dial for diving , which many of the other reviews have noted . 
This was a birthday present for a friend of mine and blue is is all time favorite color and he absolutely loves this watch 
Purchased as garden clogs but very useful as rain shoes , too . 
Sturdily made and comfortable . 
Surprisingly supportive . 
I really like these baby blue color clogs , easy care and quite comfortable to wear , great for rainy days too 
I do love the sloggers for gardening - they are perfect . 
I don't love the pastels . 
I wanted something to wash the car , mow the grass , do outdoor things in . 
This was a gift for my daughter . 
So handy to slip on to go outside in the dew and rain . 
I like the light color because my others were dark blue and would get quite hot when the sun hit them . 
My foot is moving around in them more than I would like . 
They are true to their color in the picture . 
I have been looking for a comfortable gardening shoe that I could just slip on and off easily , and one that would be solid and well-made . 
Very comfortable , well-made and I finally feel like I can go out into our damp yard without getting my feet all wet . 
I can't wait to use them all summer in our garden . 
I did find they run a bit small though . 
Great product ! 
You won't get many style points with it , but it works . 
I like the chin strap to keep it anchored to your head while kayaking or other outdoor activities . 
i was looking for some t-shirts to camp out in , and use in town if i had to . 
i picked the graphit color to go with black cargo shorts . 
the color is excellent . 
i still have some room ( some ) . 
i wanted polyester for the durability of camping , easy clean , and hopefully long lasting . 
i believe these shirts will do well for me . 
if you want to look great , then probably you'll have to look like the male model in the advert . 
for myself , i only wanted durable , easy clean , and a manly color . 
i'm quite happy with the shirts . 
Great shirt for keeping you dry . 
Plus , I love that it is very light when I work up a sweat . 
It is a great buy and works well . 
I love this tshirt . 
My gripe is the fabric developed a hole ( not near any seams ) after just one wash before I even wore the shirt . 
I'll darn the hole but while I like the Bella shirts ( I have a few of them ) , the fabric quality seems to be consistently not up to my reasonable expectations . 
Really , fabric shouldn't develop holes from just one wash . 
Nice shape , a little too small , especially after a few washes . 
Fabric is okay , not super fine , but not trashy either . 
Fits perfect , love the colors , does not shrink . 
I will be buying more of these as they are a great tee for a great price . 
Great price and my wife loves them ! 
I love the too ! 
I love this hobo wallet . 
the compartments are large and it holds alot . 
Color is very positive , very beautiful . 
The leather feels very strange , especially soft , a little do the old style 
This past December my wallet was stolen , and I've been on the hunt for a suitable replacement ever since ... I am SUPER picky about wallets , going through at least five the last time I was in the market , I was continually dissatisfied , until I found the perfect wallet ( the one that was stolen ! ) . 
I've bought other wallets online , and been very disappointed , so I sat on it for a week or so , trying to find something local that I could see and touch in person ... but I finally submitted my order , received this wallet , and I'm SO happy I did ! 
! I purchased the violet wallet , and the color is very pretty ( true to the color pictured ) . 
My wallet doesn't appear to have " scratches " as some other posters have indicated , however , there is a very weird smell to to the leather . 
I have spritzed a hanky with my favorite perfume , and tucked it in the large pocket ... hopefully that will chase away the weird smell . 
- - I should add , I'm rather smell sensitive , so this might not be a problem for most people.The clasps are super easy to open / close and they form a tight seal so nothing slips out . 
I use the side with the zippered pocket for dollars and cents , and the other side for business cards , credit cards , etc . 
and I love that I also have the large zipper pocket to store my phone , lipstick , car key , etc . 
if I want to go without a purse . I feel like the metal is very sturdily attached to the leather . 
I haven't tugged or pulled on it , but I did inspect it closely when I received it due to some negative feedback about a problem of the metal separating from the leather ... seems SUPER sturdy and well made to me.The magnet is really strong , so it just closes easily , and remains closed . 
I have had my Lauren Wallet ( embossed floral / dark red ) for over 10 years . 
It still looks amazing and it is my ONLY wallet . 
It takes a beating , holds all my stuff without popping open , and I get compliments on it constantly . 
I love the large and high-quality purses , but this purse has exceeded all my expectations ! ! ! 
I love the peach pink Cultured Pearl Silver Bunch Earrings . 
They are the perfect match for my necklace and I am very happy with them . 
These fit wonderfully throughout the toe box and the arch , but the heel will take some breaking in as it is painful currently 
I had to return them . 
I could've exchanged this for a larger size but I bought these with another pair of shoes ( Skechers Go Walk 2 - Stance ) and the Skechers were more comfy . 
Look nice on ; just enough cushion . 
The only ( slight ) disappointment with this shoe is the color . 
Still , the color wasn't a deal breaker . 
I have trouble finding a comfortable shoe and this shoe is very comfortable to me . 
I had a couple of concerns because of the comments , 1 . 
I purchased these for my sister-in-law per her request . 
She loves them and says they are extremely comfortable right out of the box 
First of all , there is zero flexibility when walking . 
I would definitely buy this shoe in the future if Skechers made them more comfortable and flexible . 
Love these shoes . 
They are very warm ... I wear them without socks ! 
They are comfortable and sturdy on slippery pavements . 
I have been looking for a sport / water sandal for months and thought I had finally found one in this Skechers model . 
These are very cute and felt as if they would be comfortable . 
These sandals were too loose in the instep even though I chose a half size smaller than I usual . 
I have short toes and I'm guessing that the binding meets right where my large toe cuticle meets the fabric . 
I love them . 
I am very happy with them ! 
Want a black pair , too ! 
Great buy.Some say they don't do great in the cold , but they aren't snow boots . 
They work great for me , only look a little different then picture , but I still adore them . 
LovE the chocolate brown pair that I got . 
I live around GA & they are wonderful & keep my feet toasty--all you'd need was so e snow covers for boots if u were in the snow & you'd be fine . 
I walk daily in cold Wisconsin weather . 
These boots are warm and comfortable ~ also I found that I am not slipping and sliding like I did in my old boots because they have very good traction ! 
I love love love these boots , they are so comfortable , and cute . 
:) I am very pleased with these . 
Although , the boot was quite comfortable . 
There are still several inches of boot to go , and it is held together by a little strap . 
A college professor once told me that the first thing someone notices about you when you meet them is your shoes . 
As important as first impressions are , it's vital to be wearing a sharp pair of shoes that say you care about yourself.These are a classic shoe that is not too flashy , but conservative and timeless.Also , they're very comfortable . 
Very true in this case . 
The first day I ever wore these I had to spend a marathon workday in our state capital during the state legislative session . 
I can't believe how comfortable they are . 
If you have to look nice for work or throw on a suite every now and again , I can't recommend these shoes highly enough . 
especially under a t-shirt ! 
After a professional bra-fit and a $ 162 new bra I decided to check on Amazon and give the Le Mystere a try as my 2nd new bra size purchase . 
The pricing was " great " and I like the bra ... a win win situation ! 
It fits well and gives beautiful ample cleavage without being overkill . 
I gotta say though , this is one stiff bra . 
I dont think I can get it in a drawer without smashing its form . 
I will fight the good fight for this bra because it looks so great on . 
This pulls the breast away from the stays , and it does make them look perky but makes one feel so bound it's difficult to breathe . 
This was a gift for my daughter . 
She absolutely loves it . 
It's her favorite brand . 
Ordered 3 .. Love the bra , , Fits well and true to size.The bra is just as expected as though i purchased it myself in the department store ... 
I'm hoping that laundering the product may help the fabric relax a bit . 
Overall , very pleased and would try other bras by this manufacturer too . 
During the first hour of consistent use of this bra , I became concerned that the straps would dig into the sides near my underarm . 
They did for about half an hour but seemed to relax after that . 
This bra is very comfortable and great fitting . 
Love the Tisha line - probably the most comfortable and supportive bras I've found . 
This is a beautiful bra , great fit , looks so nice under knits . 
I have four of these bras in different colors . 
This bra works even on the aging figure and supports firmly . 
This outfit works great for both . 
Although the jacket is made out of a thinner material , it keeps you warm on a chilly day . 
When I say chilly , I mean like 50s and breezy . 
I'm very pleased with my purchase . 
It's worth checking out at the very least . 
These are nice parade quality white gloves . 
They are cloth , and fit great . 
Nice ! 
I love em 
These are the best things to walk on ever ! ! 
She tells me they fit exactly as expected of a well known firm and that she is very happy with them . 
It's either havaiana brazil or Ocean Minded Bethany style that I wear . 
So comfortable ! 
I would highly recommend . 
The recipient was pleased , but is insisting on totally wearing out her current pair of flip flops before starting to wear these . 
the price is good , the fit is standard - if you're looking for a pretty solid generic , comfortable flip flop , these are for you . 
I love them . 
They always last me years . 
It's pretty warm and fits just about any size head . 
the delightful olive drab color makes me look like an amphibian . 
Helpfully bright color . 
Does help in keeping your head warm on these stupidly cold days and nights . 
but when im out on the town , so to speak , and i want some anonymity , cause im kinda famous , well this hat lets me go outside unnoticed by angry mobs , or fans , or the paparazi . 
I am * mean * to watches - hairspray , sunscreen , bug spray , gardening , sports , swimming , sweating . 
I use the timer / stopwatch . 
I use the alarm . 
So , my darling husband wanted to get me a " nice looking " watch for mother's day - - I requested ( and received ) another one of these ! 
I'll try to keep it nicer.This is a great watch . 
It's easy to set and use . 
I will update if any issues . 
The point of manufacture keeps changing ( India , Pakistan and who knows where ) . 
You may or may not get a decent quality pair . 
The quality control is definitely hit or miss . 
I promise they will love them ! 
Well it is true I bought him a pair cheaper once and I will never do again as they drew up ! 
But the waist and stuff were small . 
Like the closed bottom , expandable waist , and the light grey color . 
I just received my sweat pants today and am somewhat pleased with them . 
In the past I have not had any problems purchasing a men's large in pants , I am 6 ' 0 tall and weigh around 180 lbs and have a slender athletic build . 
However , these pants were a little tight in the seat and crotch area but the inseam was perfect . 
They will work fine for just lounging around . 
They are very comfortable and not too heavy or too light . 
I would recommend that if your around my build and want a little extra room in the seat that you look at going a size up as these will shrink some over time . 
I bought these based on the 4 & 5 star reviews . 
However , they are not thick & warm like some people say they are , 11oz & up are thicker & warmer.These look like I could buy them at a local discount retail store . 
I turn these inside out when I wash but after a 4 - washes , I noticed they started pilling.These are not " high " quality & are made of a cheap cotton base . 
If you don't care about the pilling & just using them around the house or in the yard , I'd say go for it . 
The bottom of the legs are also elastic & are comfortable around the ankles . 
He is very happy with this watch . 
Meets his needs perfectly and stands up to the abuse . 
Easy to read , fairly simple to figure out and very comfortable . 
I actually wear it for work now too because its cute and comfortable . 
Love it ! 
This is a great watch . 
It looks neat and the functions are remarkable for a watch this inexpensive ! 
It's a watch , it's a stopwatch , it can light up . 
This is all I needed it to do , and it does it well . 
I needed something inexpensive that tells time . 
This watch is attractive , and the band is long enough for my somewhat larger wrist . 
So far it's keeping time , and the controls are easy to use . 
I bought this watch because I am out on the golf course a lot and I also walk and run daily . 
I am highly satisfied with this purchase ! 
I don't use it for laps or long runs , although the indiglo function is nice for my morning jogs . 
The watch was easy to set and it cleans up nicely after finger-painting days . 
All in all , a great buy ! 
I was once one of those dastardly young people who didn't own a watch , and used my phone as a clock . 
The battery has been long-lasting and the functions are just what I needed . 
Other than that it is a nice substantial watch that seems to be well made and doesn't look cheap at all . 
Very nice . 
Holds many rings . 
Arrived fairly fast . 
Nice price . 
Grab on for a gift 
Love this little box ... I can actually carry it in a large purse ... I love it ... slot are indeed wide ... I highly recommend this item ... 
Nice little box , quality made and lock works great as well as hold even my very large rings which my be up to 2 inches and taller rings up to a half in with no problems 
Nice box . 
Keeps many rings organized . 
Small but mighty . 
Great for travel . 
Nice little ring case . 
It holds the rings securely , keeps them organized , and fits nicely in a drawer or safe . 
Holds all my rings and is good quality and makes it so easy to travel with my expensive gemstone and diamond rings . 
Very sweet gift for a young girl's treasures . 
I ordered 3 different Jewelry boxes and I have to say they look better when you receive them , the picture does not do them justice ! 
They colors are vivd and just perfect as a first jewelry box ! 
I bought this for my daughter's first jewelry box and it works for that . 
It's cheap but hey , she loves it . 
I am happy with this item and the price . 
Have not given them all yet but love each one . 
I can't wait for their excitement when I give on each birthday . 
Each one I bought is special and will be fun selecting which to give which girl . 
Love the Fairy , so pretty , but love them all . 
I've owned several pairs of these shoes now . 
I live in Alaska and these are my dailies almost year round . 
Durable , waterproof , very nice looking . 
Highly recommended . 
Extremely comfortable , but that's ECCO for you . 
These shoes are comfortable and offer good support for light hikes . 
Run a little small as most Keen shoes do . 
I adore the fact that the toe section of the trainers are large and roomy , the first for me ! 
As much as i love these shoes , the heel is just horrendous . 
But all in all , now that it's broken in , it's brilliant . 
I love Keens for their incredible perfect comfort and great look . 
These are waterproof , a real , plus . 
The sole is pretty rigid.These babies are a wonderful addition to my collection of shoes that are shaped like the human foot.Very well made . 
This is my wife's second pair of keens , the first was of similar style . 
These are work shoes for her in a job that has her on her feet some . 
She says they are the finest shoes she has ever had in her life . 
The first pair lasted about 3 years , when the finally wore out she went to a cheaper leather tennis shoe . 
Within a week her feet were constantly sore . 
In the past she had tried many different shoes , but I think this Keen shoe will be the last brand she ever wants or buys . 
Keen is king ! 
Red , comfortable , cool . 
Returns were easy though the clerk was going to charge me for return . 
I have feet that need to be pampered because of different issues and these shoes fit the bill . 
I also like the inside contours for the bottom of my feet . 
When I lace them up they snug against my feet and keep it in place . 
! I swapped out the insole with a gel insole to get some cushioning , and that didn't help . 
My Clark's mules and clogs are considerably more comfortable and supportive . 
It you are planning on carrying a lot of items in this backpack then you need to purchase a larger one . 
Also the zippers on the top part of the back pocket often snag and dont work so well . 
Very comfortable bag with a lot of room . 
I have a Toshiba Satalite 15 " laptop and it hold it perfectly . 
The backpack is strong and well made . 
I bought this bag because it had lots of pockets and two water bottle holders . 
This pocket goes all the way to the bottom so you can't place small items in it without having to dig them out . 
It has handled the weight of my Organic Chem book , a cup of notebooks , a bag of teas , a box of molecular models , my lunch , my bottle of water , my laptop , an extra sweater , make-up , a TI - 84 calculator , and the usual smaller school supplies ; all at the same time . 
and still looks like new . 
She is in middle school and with all the books she carries , it worked perfect . 
great buy for the price , best diaper bag ever , so many compartments i forget where i put things sometimes holding up good so far 
I have had back surgery in the past and find that this backpack helps me carry my book without extra strain . 
A great investment . 
Be warned though that it is not big , just medium sized and can hold about 2 big textbooks and 3 notebooks plus wallet and small stuff . 
What's great is the water bottle container and the option to carry it by hand . 
No , you won't find some of the snazzier features on this bag but if you need to carry a laptop and goodies around safely and are on a budget , this is the bag for you . 
Looking for a messenger bag , we chose this one based on our previous positive experience with a High Sierra backpack that's withstood a ton of abuse and still looks great . 
Although larger than I had expected , it's sturdily constructed and brightly colored . 
Very pleased , would definitely recommend . 
HOLDS TOO BIG BOOKS AND MY 15 INCH LAPTOP TOO WITH COMFORT AND EASE . 
I'm on the small ( but not petite ) side & have had trouble finding a backpack that fits AND provides the kind of storage I'm looking for . 
Love the side pockets for bottles . 
Small top pocket for ear phones , iPod , etc . 
A fantastic fit - - the shoulder straps are comfortable and strong . 
Highly recommend . 
There is a laptop pocket inside that fits my behemoth computer in it . 
The round pocket on top is shallow , good for something you don't want to have to dig for . 
Side pockets , small pocket , big pockets ! 
It's very sturdy and it is very comfortable , even packed with textbooks . 
Support chest straps are a plus if you want to use it for hiking . 
I needed a bag for when I go back to work to have my laptop , tablet , and lunch all in one place . 
With all the pockets I was able to put my digital camera in there also ! 
I am very happy with this purchase ! 
I am very happy with this backpack . 
It is well made and great organization . 
I love the color . 
I was bit disappointed when I received this bag as it small I chose it because they indicated that it is large and can hold quite a lot of stuff . 
The quality is good though but if you have a lot of books etc . 
Plus he needs to carry a water bottle , snack , and in the winter , his shoes . 
His previous backpack was splitting , and so based on the good reviews of this back pack , I bought it . 
The material is very flimsy and the bag holds only half of what he needs it to . 
Also it's not a big and huge bag to carry around . 
It fits a couple of my books plus my lab top . 
It fits it all great . 
It is water resistant as far as I can tell - I've walked around in the snow all over campus and when it melts and gets wet on the inside , I open it to discover that my books and laptop are perfectly dry . 
I'm not sure about the bottom yet , but the side that is exposed to the elements on your back seems to do well . 
I bought my son a different back pack for 3rd grade . 
TRAPPER KEEP REQUIRED THIS YEAR . 
I have high sierra products , so I did a search on amazon . 
We LOVE all the different places to stow things . 
Very nice back pack . 
I also love how well it fits him And with all the safety features , he doesn't suffer any back or shoulder pain carrying it around . 
I highly recommend High sierra products . 
I needed a replacement for a 25 year old backpack , and after much back & forth , 2 selections which I returned I settled on the High Sierra Loop Backpack . 
Love it ! 
I use the backpack whenever I travel as my carry-on and as my main luggage when we go away for short trips . 
Nice , full compartments . 
I'm super happy with the water bottle holders on both side of the pack . 
Top rate construction . 
I bought this backpack for college and it has been great ! 
Fits very comfortably , I even like the thumb-holes on the adjusting straps since I'm like many people who tend to like to hold them when I walk . 
I got the red line / charcoal color and absolutely love the colors . 
Nice and bright so people can see me when walking home . 
I love this backpack . 
Highly recommend 
Have used for awhile now and has held up well . 
Easy to get into and lots of storage and places to put small items , easy to grab zipper tabs , zippers work without catching . 
Lots of compliments on design and color . 
Very pleased with purchase . 
This does and it fits in well . 
Well made and comfortable . 
Great sized back pack for my 1st grade son . 
Only problem we had was one of the zippers broke - we can still use it by " pushing " the remaining piece of zipper along but it sort of irritating . 
Other than the 1 zipper it is holding up great after about 8 months . 
My husband and I use this backpack as a diaper bag . 
We take it everywhere ! 
We love all of the pockets and compartments . 
It has held up remarkable well ! 
True story ... raccoons hauled off his bag in the middle of the night . 
I figured if the raccoons liked it so much there is something to be said in that ! 
Not waterproof / resistant .. very thin fabric , uncomfortable neck ( pad ) . 
The color is somewhat too bright . 
The single layered bottom looks kind of flimsy . 
I haven't yet used it and so I am not sure about the durability . 
Be careful with the color though . 
I also use it for hiking with little more than a few bottles of water . 
I love this bag ! 
easy to clean and true to fit . 
This is a great jacket if you are looking for something that is truly waterproof . 
I have had a lot of weather resistant jackets that soak through after 10-60 minutes of being outside . 
This jacket is in the style of an outer shell so if you need to stay warm you should wear another layer underneath . 
This will keep you dry whether you are walking the dog , working outside all day or just live in Seattle . 
The construction and design are good so it should work out . 
They work perfectly in my newest dress shoes and are easy to remove and install . 
Also the aromatic cedar wood is very pleasant . 
Shoe trees are a must to keep nice shoes in good shape . 
I have a number of these AE shoe trees and they work as well as any . 
Highly recommend . 
They smell good , fit great and expands as per required . 
I bought these for my Allen Edmonds and they work as expected . 
They are of course real cedar and provide a great cedar smell in the shoe as well as keeping them from getting bent at the toes . 
Rich creamy polish in a squeeze tube , easy to apply to my polish brush and works well into the leather of my dress shoes giving a great lasting shine . 
I ordered this polish to help give new life to my Allen Edmonds Benton shoe in the Chili color . 
This polish matched perfectly and made it look like it had come back from the factory . 
It is a cream polish so it will add some color back to a faded shoe and also make the leather feel more supple.The applicator has a sponge on the end of it allowing you to squeeze the tube and use it to apply the polish without having anything else . 
I use this cream on my black Allen Edmonds shoes and it works pretty great . 
I admittedly spend the majority of my time barefoot and like wider shoes , so I went with the KEEN Men's Targhee II Mid Waterproof Hiking Boot and it was perfect . 
It seemslike they will . 
I live in Colorado , sono one looks at me crosswise.And they do well on the trail too ! 
The color looks good with jeans and athletic wear . 
They're so comfortable I didn't want to take them off . 
I'm very happy with this purchase . 
I have since received the proper size and it fits perfectly and feels great to walk in . 
Overall a great quality hiking shoe . 
Fit is comfortable and sturdy . 
Keens are always a good call ! 
Otherwise will definitely buy another pair in the future ! ! ! 
Awesome , comfortable hiking boots . 
I have worn these a few times and haven't been uncomfortable at all - - no blisters , etc . 
They're very sturdy , too . 
I got a cast off from a broken ankle about 5 weeks ago and these took me nicely through my first 2 hour hike since February this year . 
Definitely recommend . 
Love them . 
I tried SO MANY boots and this Keen is the only one that was comfortable for my wide foot . 
I love the charcoal / green color . 
I also got a pair in brown . 
This nursing top looks homely . 
It's tight around my rib cage , but lose up top , and I am not small busted or overweight . 
It also has a bra hook style that's hard to manage . 
My daughter loves it , so we are keeping it ... but I would recommend you try a different brand of higher quality ! 
The wig is amazing - just leave the netting on . 
The belt is kind of lame but the wig makes up for it . 
Received a lot of compliments too . 
I received a beautiful necklace from Kay Jewelers , but the chain broke shortly after I started wearing it . 
I was so glad when these finally arrived , but I couldn't keep them . 
I bought them to go in my top piercing ( cartilage ) and they were the perfect size and so cute and dainty . 
The rod kept going just to the outside of the earring hole , never straight into it . 
I got so frustrated and my ear was so sore by then , I had had enough . 
If you can get these in and closed on the first try , I highly commend you ! 
They're small . 
The faster's are small and you have to fit them perfectly into the other side . 
It is monumental frustration , especially doing it in a mirror with pliers . 
Get help . 
I got these for a pair of boots that I had heel slip in . 
These didnt help at all . 
Its a great concept , but this product doesnt work with my foot . 
I have a skinny ankle with a wide toe box , so any of these types of products arent going to work for me . 
After installing these heel cushions , my shoes fit perfectly , my heels never lift as I walk , and I am a happy camper . 
I recommend them highly ! 
These were a gift for my mom . 
She seemed very pleased with them and says they are very comfortable . 
They are attractive but what I cared about most was comfort . 
They are easy for me to fasten with velcro and they are comfortable . 
I returned size 9 for an 8-1 / 2 , and these fit perfectly . 
Very nice shoes , comfortable . 
There are a few areas where a small bit of the pewter finish was gone , plus a " nick " or small cut on one sandal , and the straps on one sandal are " softer " leather than on the other sandal . 
Not quite up to Clarks usual standards . 
The croc look is perfect and the price is affordable . 
Very comfortable and can use to walk or go fishing . 
The foot bed also is never very comfortable . 
These have stood up well . 
I lucked out , the shoes fit perfectly , and they are comfortable . 
They are not quite as " air conditioned " as I like , but you need a true sandal for that . 
I have yet to road test them , but I am happy with them for now . 
bought them for kayaking primarily and have been delighted with their comfort in all ways . 
Considering what some of the " top Brands " charge for their versions of the same item , this Skecher's model beats them all ! 
I bought it to take out some links in a watchband and it did a great job at it . 
Easy to use . 
There were two problems . 
It works great to remove the pins for watch bands . 
Knocks the links out with ease , No more paying $ 15 to pay someone to bag on my watch and charge me crazy prices anymore . 
Be careful how you use this . 
The pins do work although they bend easily . 
I imagine this will work for me for many years . 
I " used " it to adjust two watches , but not in the way it should be used because it doesn't work . 
Thanks Amazon for best Birk prices and selection ! ! ! 
I like the shoe , they look much nicer than a Croc , but their sizing needs work . 
it's ok for the amature but the nuts that the adjusting screws turn in should of been tighter so that they don's loosen up when u are trying to use it otherwise it does it's job . 
The handle contains 3 holes in which you put the selected inserts . 
If your watch ha definitive holes , ridges , notches this tool will work for you . 
If they are smooth ridges on your watch you will get scratches . 
Personally I ended up with the watch friction ball to open my first case since it did not have refined ridges to engage the tools edges with . 
Reviews indicated these were running small but I chose my current size ( 9.5 ) & $ 68.55 and free 2 day shipping with Prime . 
I had to modify my walking style to accommodate the tall heels but no problem there.They show your socks if you cross your legs unlike taller boots but are easy to get on and off . 
I am one of those people who wears a lot of black , so I feel I have definitely gotten my money's worth out of this bottle . 
Quality is good for price , fit is very flattering . 
The color is Navy . 
My Army issue belt went over 15 years before the buckle frayed the web beyond use . 
I will be surprised if this one lasts 5 . 
The buckle is polished chrome , not brushed as pictured and expected . 
This belt was totally fine - - was able to cut the web belt to size , as expected , and it worked great . 
Great belt ! 
Well crafted , comfortable , and sharp looking belt . 
I miscalculated the size of this belt and I may have ordered a size larger than what I actually needed , but as it turns out it still fits me just right . 
I love the quality , the material seems strong enough and the buckle works as it should . 
I've owned it for several months now , and have found nothing wrong with it . 
We live in the Northeast part of the U . S . which means a short cycling season for those of us who love to ride . 
Much of the time it is not foul weather or ice slicked roads that keeps us from rolling out but the cold . 
The silk stuff we currently use works great but we wanted to push the envelope and see just how cold it could get and still be comfortable . 
The base layer preformed beautifully . 
We were dry , comfortable and most importantly warm . 
I am confident that it will work just fine . 
Stay tuned . 
But the design is very nice and is made quite well , so I am pleased overall with my purchase 
The band was great . 
I did notice that the bra was made well , good quality bra . 
I bought these for a preschool class project and they worked just fine . 
After one washing ( to remove sizing , etc . 
) , the finish was smooth enough for the children to paint easily . 
Perhaps with use this belt will aquire the same feel as my older belts but for the price I think it is well built and a great value . 
This is a great hoodie for work or play . 
Its warm , durable and comfortable . 
Carhartt is a great brand and produces high quality products . 
The outside is soft and pliable , but the inside is lined with the thermal liner ( even the hood has this lining ) . 
When I first tried it on , the liner was uncomfortable on my bare arms . 
I thought that I would have to wear a long sleeve shirt whenever I wore the jacket , but after breaking it in for a few weeks I am now able to comfortably wear it with both short and long sleeve shirts.This jacket is light , but still is able to keep you warm . 
I wear this in windy , sub 30 ˚ F weather and it keeps me warm and comfortable.The only down side is that the pockets are not lined with the thermal lining . 
They are made of the same material as the outer material , so they are nice and soft , but do not keep your hands as warm as it keeps your upper body and arms . 
I bought this just to take to races , football games , etc . 
This would work just fine for a child or an adult female . 
I bought this bag for the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington . 
a year later of regular use and it still looks like new . 
Far too baggy in the seat and thigh area . 
Absolutely love these - they are super comfy and cute . 
As for size , the 41/42 were also too large for my liking . 
this is a great buy , really comfortable , this color goes w / everthing 
Short rise , cotton is thin and pockets were not as flattering as Dockers usually are ... 
This is a modern chic version of a classic . 
Love the smooth fabric . 
It doesn't wrinkle even after wash . No ironing necessary which is a huge plus . 
Don't know anything about the pockets being too small , seem fine to me 
these Docker shorts fit comfortably and well . 
The fabric is summer light , the color , dusty blue , attractive and all in all a satisfying purchase . 
Keep in mind , Levis seems to make jeans with different fabric thicknesses - this is one of the thinner ones . 
My 518s are generally a bit thicker . 
The 505 fit great , the 524 are too small . 
Ladies , take note . 
They are well made and the color is a nice blue and a bit faded . 
The fit fine . 
Absolutely love that . 
The color on the other hand can be tricky . 
THESE SNEAKERS ARE THE BEST THAEY FIT WELL AND LOOK GREAT ON MY FEET VERT COMFORTABLEVERY OLD SCHOOL SNEAKERS 
I use these in the winter months and have a regular pair ( non Goretex ) for the warmer months . 
These do keep your feet warm and are waterproof which is nice . 
The side zip is probably the best invention when it comes to boots , lace your boots up real good once and you're done , use the side zip the rest of the time . 
Bates makes great duty boots , highly recommend them and I'll come back for my next pair . 
My non Goretex Bates are 3-4 years old and still holding up great , they show wear and tear but for regular duty use they're excellent . 
I got these for my husband because I had a pair from when I was a firefighter for years and he was kind of jealous . 
Loved them , fit better than what ever boots he had before . 
I've always loved Bates boots . 
Use these shoes for Zumba . 
They work great . 
I use them often , but I do think they run a little on the small side . 
They fit great and look very nice . 
I don't like pantyhose because they're not comfortable around my middle . 
) , and I realized that what happened was the top of the stocking was folded inside itself , so the silicone wasn't touching my leg.Otherwise , I've been able to wear these stockings out . 
I wash them in a mesh bag and then hang dry . 
I do not have problems with runs , and I'm a little surprised by that . 
I wouldn't recommend that shade if you're trying to have the stocking blend into your skin , because if it looks too white on my pasty skin , I can't imagine that it would look natural on anyone ! 
She says they feel great on her skin she likes them and they make her legs look wonderful . 
Great fit and love the look . 
( Or actually may just mix with my non-lacy pair . 
These are nice hose , good quality , they stay up well . 
Not as silky as I had hoped , but very nice hose . 
I love the look , but you have to treat these as a disposable item . 
Size otherwise is fine , and plenty of length to get up to the upper thigh . 
Stayed up all night , don't need a garter belt but can use one if you want . 
These were fairly thick , but are NOT YOGA PANTS . 
Even if you can't see through them when looking in the mirror at home , if you step into direct sunlight , your underwear will show through . 
Leggings are nice and opaque but I prefer the fit of the capezio low rise legging . 
This is not the highest quality leather available by any means , but I like the classic look of the shoe and I understand that in order to keep the shoe looking good , I'll have to careful where I walk and what allow to hit the surface of the leather . 
If I can be careful where I walk the shoe should last a while and preserve well too . 
They appear way to large for slim fit slacks so us caution - they are a nice shoe . 
You will definitely love these shoes ! 
I Will return these and get a 1/2 size smaller . I have to make another comment on Keen shoes . 
I've got 2 older pair of Keen's and love them ! 
I have to admit they look great in the pictures but trying them on is a different story . 
I won't be buying anymore Keens . 
I bought this to carry my boxing gloves to the gym and I really like the sturdy fabric whcih appears to be a good fabric to wash if needed , it is a good size and not too small and not too large . 
Love this tote bag ! 
It's nylon but it looks and feels like canvas , great color ( purchased light pink / black ) , roomy , light weight , has a zipper closure on top , can be used as a handbag and is a great price . 
Good for the beach or knitting carryall . 
The fabric seems to be polyester with a waterproof coating inside that also stabilizes it . 
The plastic smell does go away in a couple of days IF you open them up to air out . 
But for $ 3.50 , they are a bargain . 
I have been waiting for 6 weeks for the credit of the red patent 3012 thigh high boot from Pleasers and the red high heel pump from pleasers ! 
The red patent slim from I love Sexy I kept but the 3rd pair I ordered the Pleasers 3012 and red highest heel have yet to credit my account back ! 
I took it to ups myself and paid the return with $ 100.00 insurance secured for what look like are boots worth $ 20 . 
I'm sorry I have not had any issues ever with Amazon cause your stuff is great and I'm always happy with my purchases but since I kept my receipts on the returns of these items please ask your 3rd party seller what happen ! 
Because they didn't include paper work inside I just mailed them back to the place that shipped them ! 
